Code coverage for PL/SQL
Unit testing for PL/SQL
SQL Developer error
How should I store a Guid in Oracle
unwanted leading blank space on oracle number format
How to trunc a date to seconds in Oracle
Tool for translation of Oracle PL/SQL into Postgresql PL/pgSQL
Best practices: .NET: How to return PK against an oracle database?
How to find oracle error codes that could result from a connection error?
Oracle ROWNUM
Oracle considers empty strings to be NULL while SQL Server does not - How is this best handled?
Ora 12154 error
Is there a way to get types/names of an unknown db query without executing it?
How to disable Oracle XE component which is listening on 8080?
Oracle instant client with OraOLE DB provider?
Oracle merge constants into single table
How to find and tail the Oracle alert log
Oracle Cursor Issue
Oracle APEX access
RowNum vs Row_Number
How to use a function-based index on a column that contains NULLs in Oracle 10+?
'CONTINUE' keyword in Oracle 10g PL/SQL
How can I connect to an Oracle database as SYS using an ADO connection string?
Bulk Row Transfer between Oracle Databases with a Select Filter
Best solution for migration from Oracle Forms 6i to the web?
What is the default URL for APEX for an Oracle XE installation?
Oracle error
How do I use oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleLog to debug Oracle 10g database connection failures?
How to constrain a database table so only one row can have a particular value in a column?
What do the letter codes in Oracle user_contraints table's constraint_type column stand for?
Free oracle development tools.
Optimizations for a Write heavy Oracle application?
What is the size limit for a varchar2 procedure argument in Oracle 10g ?
Oracle date
Grant Select on all Tables Owned By Specific User
How to set session variable skip_unusable_indexes to true in a PL/SQL package to speed up a table delete/insert?
PL/SQL Evaluation Order
How do I format my oracle queries so the columns don't wrap?
Oracle - How does transaction, rollback segment and the undo_retention parameter work ?
Print text in Oracle SQL Developer SQL Worksheet window
Is this slash character in an Oracle PL/SQL script an error?
Oracle recommendations for high volume writes and low volume read.
Oracle 10gr2: prevent any dates that fall on a Sunday?
where is the Oracle Event Log located?
Oracle 10g - UTL_MAIL package
Oracle DB Mac Address or other unique identifier
Why isn't querying a JDBC-compliant database from Oracle as easy as pie?
Correct way to give users access to additional schemas in Oracle
show running processes in Oracle DB
Oracle SQL technique to avoid filling trans log
run oracle sql script from java
Automatically enforcing a max database table size by dropping old rows
How to use enums in Oracle?
Oracle 10gr2: ensure timestamps are between 9am and 5pm
Why does Oracle 9i treat an empty string as NULL?
Why does running a script from SQLPlus not require a password?
What is the syntax for creating a timestamp(6) type field in Oracle
What can cause intermittent ORA-12519 (TNS: no appropriate handler found) errors
Migrating a Character Based Oracle Form
Oracle database allows invalid time portion of datetime column values under what circumstances?
Dynamically look up column names for a table while in an sql query
ORA-12154: TNS: Could not resolve service name
Oracle - Best SELECT statement for getting the difference in minutes between two DateTime columns?
Oracle 10gr2: enforce a date range
Oracle V$OSSTAT
Does oracle allow the uncommited read option?
Search All Fields In All Tables For A Specific Value (Oracle)
Connection to Oracle without a username or password
Problems with globalization when using Oracle collections with thin JDBC
How to choose and optimize oracle indexes ?
Pivoting a Table in SQL
[Oracle] - Alternatives to Toad
How to query an Oracle table from SQL Server 2000?
Oracle Text: How to sanitize user input
How can I implement a "natural" sort?
Oracle PL/SQL - Are NO_DATA_FOUND Exceptions bad for stored procedure performance?
Audit Revoke Operations
Converting between oracle.sql.TIMESTAMPTZ and standard JDBC classes for DbUnit
Will Pro*C work with MSVC 6?
Best Oracle database manager/editor?
How can I insert multiple rows into oracle with a sequence value?
What is the difference between "AS" and "IS" in an Oracle stored procedure?
Will Oracle retire 10gAS in favor of WebLogic?
How to specify default file extension for Oracle's Pro*COBOL precompiler
How do you add weights together in an oracle text index?
Conversion tool for MS-Excel spreadsheets with macros and VB to Oracle?
VC++ problem with 64 bit oracle client with OpenforwardOnly flag in database connection.
How to use Explain Plain to optimize queries?
Binding ASP.NET GridView to an Oracle SYS_REFCURSOR
Oracle: how to UPSERT (update or insert into a table?)
How to set up OCI to connect to Oracle from PHP?
Application crashing when talking to oracle unless executable path contains spaces
ORA-12514 after rebooting server
Oracle utl_match special characters
Why  is Oracle's to_char() function adding spaces?
Oracle Scheduled Jobs
How to execute an Oracle stored procedure via a database link.
What exactly is the deal with oracle connection identifiers separated by a period
paging with oracle
Oracle PL/SQL Query Order By issue
Assign auto-incrementing value to new column in Oracle
Improve oracle query performance without indexing
How to determine the version of oc4j being used?
How to debug ORA-01775: looping chain of synonyms?
Oracle - ODBC connection using MS Access error (ORA-12154)
Does Oracle allow an ORDER BY within an IN clause?
What could cause an ORA-00936 - Missing Expression with the following sql?
How do I Suppress "PL/SQL procedure successfully completed" message in sqlplus?
How do I log Oracle stored procedure calls with parameter values?
How do you rate Oracle Portals as a platform?
What to look for when downgrading from Oracle 10g to 9i?
Select from Select statement?
How do I let my DBA pause and resume a stored procedure that is updating every row in a large table?
Is there a way to do full text search of all oracle packages and procedures?
Oracle listener state blocked
Why does Char(1) change to Char(3) when copying over an Oracle DBLINK?
Oracle: how to add minutes to a timestamp?
Oracle single-table constant merge with CLOB using JDBC
Disable trasactions in Oracle
Is there an easy way to clone the structure of a table in Oracle?
notification when alter occurs on oracle database
Oracle Express Edition - Can not connect remotely (plus others)
How do I compress this Oracle resultset into values according to row priority, ignoring nulls?
Better Understanding an OC4J Stack Trace
oracle procedure returns integer
How do I calculate tables size in Oracle
How to find out when an Oracle table was updated the last time
What's the best type 4 Oracle JDBC driver?
Why can't I reference a user defined type field when using nested queries?
How do I remember which way round PRIOR should go in CONNECT BY queries
Oracle - side-by-side schema update technology...is there any?
Oracle Transactions
Return a value from a insert statement.
Find all Foreign Key errors with Oracle SET CONSTRAINTS ALL DEFERRED
PL/SQL compilation fails with no error message
Oracle setting per user default scheme (not altering a session)
Different backup location for DUPLICATE command
Best way to select out of millions of rows in an Oracle DB
Oracle why does creating trigger fail when there is a field called timestamp?
Best way to select the id of the matching row with the most recent timestamp
Is there an good alternative to SQL*PLUSfor Oracle?
databases oracle
Find out name of PL/SQL procedure
Oracle Default Values
Oracle packages in version control?
Oracle detection date of daylight savings change
Oracle Rollback Segments and ADO.NET
Print from a windows App - data from an Oracle DB on Linux
Does SQLDeveloper support executing scripts?
Use Oracle Exception
Oracle Check Constraint
Software to Synchonize Oracle Schema
Can I use ODAC 11g to access 10g
If I'm posting a question about Oracle SQL query performance, what should I include in my question?
Beginning oracle and sql
In Oracle what does 'Buffer Gets' actual refer to?
How to recreate an oracle 9i database from backup files (ora files)
How do you programatically identify a stored procedure's dependancies?
How can I clean up dead connections using Oracle?
connecting to remote oracle via cygwin sqlplus
help on integrating oracle BI into existing application
How to select a related group of items in Oracle SQL
Oracle logon trigger not being fired.
In SQL*Plus, how do I change the prompt to show the connected user and database?
Detecting if an Oracle Database is Installed
Oracle Populate backup table from primary table
How do you detect if there is an index for a specific column on a table in Oracle?
How do you setup a linked server to an Oracle database on SQL 2000/2005?
What column type in Oracle can take full range of java double values
Oracle dbms_scheduler - react to change of system date
How to tranform an Oracle SQL into a Stored Procedure that should iterate through some tables fetching a certain data field?
How to split Oracle sql statements for ADO.NET
The CASE statement in PL/SQL
Programmatically marking an Oracle BPEL task complete
Setting global_names parameter.
Top 5 time consuming SQls in Oracle
AUTOINCREMENT IN ORACLE
Oracle - Select where field has lowercase characters
How to install system packages into oracle?
Oracle User Management
Need ideas on outputting table data to a CSV using PL/SQL in a dynamic fashion
Continue on error in loop
Connecting to Oracle from ASP.NET is very slow - how to diagnose?
PL/SQL: Fetching from a Cursor that is passed between two functions
ORACLE 10.2 Pro*C precompiler not reading header file
Oracle join operator
Network Outage Causes Stored Procedure Querying Across DB Link to Hang Forever
Oracle Floats vs Number
Oracle table change monitor
Why does Oracle require TO_NCHAR when binding SQL_C_WCHAR text via ODBC
Oracle 10g ODBC: SQLBindParameter(SQL_BIGINT) succeeds, SQLExecute fails, but there are no diagnostic errors
Database design - Should a Date be used as part of a primary key
How bad is ignoring Oracle DUP_VAL_ON_INDEX exception?
Displaying foreign key relationships in Oracle 9i
Oracle linux front end
UTF 8 from Oracle tables
Using an Alias in a WHERE clause
Identifiers in a one to many relationship
Identifiers in a Diamond Relationship between Tables
Porting JDBCRealm from tomcat to OC4J
Does ODP.net close a ref cursor when the connection closes?
Oracle record history using as of timestamp within a range
oracle: how do I get the sequence number of the row just inserted?
oracle left outer joins not showing right null values
adding oracle's timestamp to query results
What is your experience with Oracle's result caching feature?
Oracle XE for Linux...?
Faster Insert Oracle Hash Cluster Table
Reading an Oracle Lite ODB file without Oracle Lite
Oracle function concurrency
Oracle SQL - Parsing a name string and converting it to first initial & last name
PL/SQL function to return string with regexp special chars escaped
Performance of dynamic SQL vs stored procedures on Oracle
What happens to oracle sequence in a disaster recovery?
Oracle TO_DATE headache
PL-SQL: getting column data types out of query results
Dynamically add where clauses to a cursor in oracle
Referencing Oracle user defined types over DBLINK?
ORA-12638: Credential retrieval failed
Any difference between "current row" and "0 preceding/following" in windowing clause of Oracle analytic functions?
Oracle 9i: Synonymed Table Does Not Exist?
oracle materialized view refresh time
How do I deploy an Oracle database?
How do I test for an Oracle connection
Identify a table with maximum rows in Oracle
Oracle: How can I programmatically arrange to have my current connection killed?
rebuild indexes oracle 10G
Add date without exceeding a month.
A useful example of when to use vsize function instead of length function in Oracle?
How to put more than 1000 values into an Oracle IN clause
Adding Sort Keys and Filter to Oracle Stored Procedure
Free SQL Query generator tool for oracle database?
Oracle: how to use updateXML to update multiple nodes in a document?
Insufficiente privileges when creating a trigger for a table in another schema
pl/sql REPLACE() function isn't handling carriage-returns & line-feeds
eliminate sort order on Data tab of SQL Devloper table view.
Oracle Database to Class Diagram
How can I change the SID or an Oracle XE instance.
Possible to call Oracle FUNCTION from .Net using Enterprise Library?
Does Oracle Applications API expose Web Services? (that can be called from .NET?)
Performance of Dynamic SQL with Bind vs Normal SQL within Package
Returning Oracle ref cursor and appending multiple results
Microsoft provider for Oracle and positional parameters
Is there a way to enable / disable constraints in db2 v7?
Will Oracle optimizer use multiple Hints in the same SELECT?
TOAD vs AquaFold - Connecting to Oracle
Oracle TNS names not showing when adding new connection to sqldeveloper
Converting small-ish Oracle long raw values to other types
Are there alternative methods for saying 'next' in a pl/sql for loop?
ORA-28579: network error during callback from external procedure agent
Oracle: What does `(+)` do in a WHERE clause?
What tablespace are Oracle sequences stored in?
What would simple guidelines would you give your developers for writing good SQL against Oracle?
When Oracle ROWID may change ?
Error "stopped because I can't continue" in SQLLoader - DIRECT mode
Oracle: how to add a text node into an existing element
Oracle: How to create an element in a specific namespace with XMLElement()
update a field based on subtotal from another table
Running total by grouped records in table
How to catch a unique constraint error in a PL/SQL block?
In Oracle, why do public synonyms become invalid when a table partition is dropped.
How to determine an Oracle query without access to source code?
Are there any .NET data providers for Oracle that do not require the Oracle Client to be installed?
Hinky Oracle Connection (TNSNAMES.ora Help)
Left outer join on two columns performance issue
Using Oracle ref cursor in Java without Oracle dependency
Hom to change default nls_date_format for oracle jdbc client
Accessing Oracle DB through SQL Server using OPENROWSET
Oracle 9i: Supposedly missing right parenthesis
How to average time intervals?
How to get column info from oracle table you don't own (without using describe)?
How to retrieve XML into Oracle PL/SQL via an HTTP Post transaction?
Mixing "USING" and "ON" in Oracle ANSI join
Oracle 10g - An invisible column?
Is there a method in PL/SQL to convert/encode text to XML compliant text?
Is this implementation correct?
passing a datatable as a field from Oracle to .NET
Is it possible to kill a single query in oracle without killing the session?
Selecting the distinct values from three columns with the max of a fourth where there are duplicates
What is the best approach for decoupled database design in terms of data sharing?
How can I combine multiple rows into a comma-delimited list in Oracle?
How do I limit the number of rows returned by an oracle query?
Java library or code sample to parse CTXCAT query syntax (for Oracle CATSEARCH)
Refering to environment variable in oracle sql files on Linux and Windows
How to make Oracle error messages more verbose?
Reading CLOB column is slow...
Export Oracle user tables to MS Access automaticaly
Calculating person's time zone (GMT offset) based on phone number?
Why do you hate sequences on Oracle?
Detecting a column with a default value using the Oracle Call Interface (OCI)
Oracle9i: Filter Expression Fails to Exclude Data at Runtime
Limiting returned record from SQL query in Oracle
SELECT * breaks when adding columns in Oracle Application Express (ApEx) 3.0
Convert Oracle stored procedure using REF_CURSOR and package global variable to Postgresql or MySQL.
Checking for the presence of text in a text column efficiently
odp.net tracing
Serialize Oracle row to XML
Why doesn't ODP.NET 11 xcopy deployment work on a machine with Oracle DB 10 installed?
Oracle: Combine multiple results in a subquery into a single comma-separated value
Oracle 10 optimizer from RULE to COST: why?
DESCRIBE via database link?
Oracle, deleting many records with child tables
Predicting Oracle Table Growth
How can I tell if I have uncommitted work in an Oracle transaction?
Accent and case insensitive COLLATE equivalent in Oracle
Multi-line PL/SQL command with .NET OracleCommand
Is there a tool to DB Diff on 'data' for an ORACLE database?
Oracle ORA-00600
Porting an application from Oracle 9 to Oracle 11 - gottchas?
Meaning of (+) in SQL queries
Oracle command-line tools on Linux
Oracle connections in Spring
How do I test if a column equals empty_clob() in Oracle?
Slow deletes from table with CLOB fields in Oracle 10g
Allow Oracle User to connect from one IP address only
oracle - how to multiple statements with .NET
Removing duplicate rows from table in Oracle
Is there a easy way to suppress the XML row tags of a collection in Oracle?
Setting classpath for a Java stored procedure in Oracle
Understanding Lob segments (SYS_LOB) in oracle?
Oracle 10g express home page is not coming up
Does making a primary key in multiple columns generate indexes for all of them?
How to enforce one-and-only-one concurrent logon per user with Oracle SSO?
What is the best column for storing XML in an Oracle database?
How many temporary extents is my oracle 10g session using?
How to develop an after serverror trigger in Oracle?
Can I send "batched" INSERTs to Oracle?
Why would you use Oracle database?
Oracle Logon Protocol (O3LOGON) in 10g
Is it reasonable to use small blobs in Oracle?
Detecting the number of ORACLE rows updated by a OCI OCIStmtExecute call
How do you choose storage engines for Oracle?
Oracle client x32 and x64 coexistance
How do you read the Oracle transaction log
.NET: How to retrieve the body of an Oracle 9i PL/SQL procedure or function
Create Black and White PDF from Oracle Reports
Oracle Database 10g VIEW performance
Oracle "Partition By" Keyword
Function or Procedure for an IN clause
Oracle: What exactly do quotation marks around the table name do?
Inserting into Oracle the wrong way - how to deal with it?
What can cause an intermitent ORA-12560: TNS:protocol adapter error?
Is there a way of selecting the contents of a ref cursor as part of a SQL Select statement?
Microsoft .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle problem executing scripts
Oracle Application Server; What role in an organization typically supports the middle tier?
What kind of import capability does Primavera support?
Moving Data from SQL Server to Oracle Repeatedly
Optimizing Oracle instances
Sessions with clustered instances of Oracle Application Server
In Oracle, is it possible to "insert" a column into a table?
How to Prevent SQL Injection in Oracle SQLPlus?
Oracle query to get book-name?
ODP.NET OracleCommandBuilder.DeriveParameters for 9i
Oracle SQL: LEAST() returns multiple rows...?
Oracle Trigger: raise_application_error
Casting DateTime to OracleTimeStampTZ
Oracle: Pattern for to_char(number) to add additional ascii characters?
In Oracle Spatial (SDO), is there a way to get the centroid point of a polygon that is contained by the surface of the polygon?
Oracle TIMESTAMP WITH TIMEZONE named zone vs offset
What is the best way to escape non-format characters in Oracle's to_char?
Inserts are 4x slower if table has lots of record (400K) vs. if it's empty
What is a Simply way to combine groupped values in one field?
Does using a VIEW for SELECT operations can imporove performance?
Can Oracle TDE protect data from the DBA?
How do I call an ORACLE function from OCI ?
What is the default Precision and Scale for a Number in Oracle?
ORA-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire input string
Confusion over class resolution in Oracle java stored procedures
how to use a procedure parameter in a query
What tool do you use for developing and administrating your database?
Oracle10 and JDBC: how to make CHAR ignore trailing spaces at comparision?
How do you convert SYS_GUID() to varchar?
bitwise exclusive OR in Oracle
Always get exception when trying to Fill data to DataTable
Is Oracle BC4J Still Supported?
How to call a function with Rowtype parameter from a select statement in Oracle
Select count(*) from multiple tables
Is it possible to refer to column names via bind variables in Oracle?
Oracle correlated subquery in FROM list
How to extract leaf nodes from Oracle XMLTYPE
Using Oracle Database Migration Verifier
how to make a big query on an asp page for an oracle db
UNDOTBS Tablespace is Full what now?
Reasonable SELECT ... INTO Oracle solution for case of multiple OR no rows
Truncating a table in a stored procedure
What Situations Cause Oracle Packages to Become Invalid?
How to keep implementation/maintenance costs low in Pro*C?
How update oracle heterogeneous services metadata?
My oracle listner to shuts itself down, what could be happening?
What's the best way to store milisseconds in Oracle?
Oracle: any replacements for DBMS_OUTPUT package?
TKProf Output: SQL*Net message from client
oracle tables in one view
Oracle stored procedures, SYS_REFCURSOR and NHibernate
SQL not equals & null
How to disable XML DTD validation in Oracle DB?
How To Check for an Index in Oracle
Oracle sql types over dblink
Oracle SYS_GUID does not change
Oracle: how to run a stored procedure "later"
Mixing ON and USING within one join
Deleting a LOT of data in Oracle
How to execute an .SQL script file using c#
Why use Oracle Application Express for web app?
Oracle converts empty string to null but JPA doesn't update entity cache correspondingly
Oracle Backup Database with sqlplus it's possible?
Database history for client usage
Oracle Connection Problem
When I call PreparedStatement.cancel() in a JDBC application, does it actually kill it in an Oracle database?
Is there a .Net interface to Oracle SQLPLUS?
Running Oracle stored procs from C#
Oracle sequence but then in MS SQL Server
SQL to replace smart quotes
Oracle materialized view tuning
Is there a way to specify a super-type sub-type relationship in Oracle Designer?
What are the benefits of using Oracle Designer?
Does Oracle have an equivalent of MSSQL's table variables?
How can I get rid of dynamic SQL
Oracle 9i: How can I determine, using metadata, whether or not an index is clustered?
What is native web services?
How to see Oracle Table Logs ?
What is the fastest way to load data into a ORACLE database with .NET?
Oracle: OALL8 is in an inconsistent state
JVM crashes when trying to connect to Oracle using OCI
Getting ORA Oracle error code using PHP function oci_connect?
Oracle VS SQL server
installing Oracle Instantclient on Mac OS/X without setting environment variables?
Read/Write data from/to a file in PL/SQL without using UTL_FILE
Backup and Recovery Scenario
2 Oracle Question
Oracle SQL*Loader getting CDATA values...
Run multiple commands in one ExecuteScalar in Oracle
Importing selective data using impdp
How to use Oracle jdbc driver fixedString property?
DB Index speed vs caching
How do you obtain the maximum possible date in Oracle?
PL/SQL Trigger - Dynamically reference :NEW or :OLD
oracle diff: how to compare two tables?
How do I bring an Oracle BLOB into SQL Server?
Oracle empty strings
How to Convert SQL server to Oracle ?
How do I close an OracleConnection in .NET
returning multiple columns using Case in Select Satement in Oracle
Oracle: Program not forking correctly in SELECT CASE statement on a date
Looking for good tool to convert Oracle - sql server
Client tools for Oracle?
Windows Service in .net Cannot See TNS Names
How do you work on Oracle packages in a collaborative, version-controlled environment?
Why does Oracle think I'm missing a right parenthesis?
Attaching an identifier to an Oracle session
ORACLE - Exporting Procedures / Packages to a file
Oracle Documentation Generation Tool.
Determining Oracle Database Instance
Strange Oracle problem
Oracle 10g - optomize WHERE IS NOT NULL
What's an OCCI context and environment?
How can I open a file using java stored procedure
Is there a way to make Oracle recalculate a query plan for each query invocation?
Finding correlated values from second table without resorting to PL/SQL
plsql custom numeric format
SQL: Counting number of occurances over multiple columns in Oracle
Do DDL statements always give you an implicit commit, or can you get an implicit rollback?
Oracle Throwing SQL Error when creating a View
How to get all tables that have FKs to another table?
select a random sample of results from an oracle query
Is there an Oracle SQL tool that builds insert statements from a result set?
When are two columns that look the same not the same in oracle?
Strange behaviour when accessing Oracle 8i table from servlet
Getting started with Oracle application development
Retrieve value of an xml element in Oracle PL SQL
Oracle merge partition from procedure giving error
How to reuse dynamic columns in an Oracle SQL statement?
Oracle in-line method to produce CSV for relation
REF CURSOR versus TABLE function in Oracle
Why can't an Oracle XMLType be sent over a DBLink?
Oracle: how to enable flashback "as of" queries for all developers?
Defining Collections with variables
Retrieving a curent and most recent previous value (Oracle)
Why would a database trigger be invalid in an oracle DB?
Oracle - OCI query timeout
What is the maximum length of a table name in Oracle?
Things to watch out for in moving from Oracle Express to the Real Deal?
How come sqlplus not connecting?
Should I use TNSNAMES.ORA or tnsnames.ora?
Proper way to set ORACLE_HOME?
How do you use telnet to check a connection to Oracle?
How to permit update of a view's results in Oracle?
installing Oracle Instantclient on Linux without setting environment variables?
Oracle: what is the "instantclient" connection string format?
ORA-01654: unable to extend index
Oracle / Python  Converting to string -> HEX (for RAW column) -> varchar2
Is it possible to know from which package a procedure has been called ?
How to connect to Oracle from far Computer in LAN ?
Shift operators in PL/SQL
When did oracle start supporting "top": select top ? p2_.PRODUCT_ID from PRODUCT?
Why would an Oracle synonym return a different number of rows to the underlying table?
Oracle ProC ORA-12547
Lazy evaluation of Oracle PL/SQL statements in SELECT clauses of SQL queries
Genealogy Query in Oracle
Efficient Alternative to Outer Join
Any good C# code generator for using oracle stored procedures?
ORA-08177: can't serialize access for this transaction
Oracle PL/SQL: Loop Over Trigger Columns Dynamically
sqlldr corrupts my primary key after the first commit
OracleDependency not firing event
Oracle datafiles on a Network Share
Use Oracle 6 from ASP.NET application
Why doesn't ORACLE allow consecutive newline characters in commands?
How to load Java Stored Procedure through JDBC into Oracle 10g?
How to create an Oracle sequence starting with max value from a table?
Oracle Ref Cursor Vs Select into with Exception handling
Oracle works better with Windows or Linux? give your answer based on your experience.
What does the letter on the Oracle release mean?
SQL SELECT: combining and grouping data between three tables using subqueries
Oracle: sequence MySequence.currval is not yet defined in this session
Oracle SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH hitting 4000 character limit
scalar subquery in if statement Condition in PL/SQL
MaxValue Partition Name
Inserting an array within an object construction, constructed based on a query
Is there an open-source SQL database that has the concept of Oracle's "rowid" pseudo-column?
oracle9i querries
duplicate rows in oracle
Open Source client for Oracle?
Using %TYPE on a record field in PL/SQL
Is there a way to peek inside of another Oracle session?
Oracle Date formatting "2009-02-13T11:46:40+00:00"
How can I estimate the size of an Oracle index?
Are Oracle stored procedures faster than in line SQL for a Microsoft.NET application ?
How do I get textual contents from BLOB in Oracle SQL
How to performance tune when you have heavy concurrency on an Oracle table
Why does DBMS_MVIEW.REFRESH have an implicit commit?
How accurate is Oracle's EXPLAIN PLAN?
Oracle XE or MySQL , which one I should choice?
Oracle Trigger Permissions
how to create a stored procedure in oracle which accepts array of parameters
Performance of Oracle .Net drivers
Import Date Format mmddyyyy
Why is there a discrepancy between ActiveRecord SQL and PL/SQL Developer SQL?
SQL: delete all the data from all available tables
Connecting to Oracle with 32 bit apps running on Vista 64 bit
Rename Oracle Table or View
Finding the days of the week within a date range using oracle SQL
Oracle Query Tuning (Duplicate table access)
Can I have a deferrable unique functional index in Oracle?
ORA-27101: shared memory realm does not exist in Oracle 9
Strategies/Tools for Building Training Website
Generic-like behavior in PL/SQL procedure parameters
Oracle can I use scalar functions in WHERE Clause? or a NULL issue
oracle - how to create date from an already existing date
How can I set the application information on a session using the Oracle thin JDBC driver?
How do I get the 'size' of document stored in an oracle blob column in a readable form using SQL?
Oracle, calling PL/SQL issues from within SQL-Plus file x.sql says my_function "may not be a function"
How do I determine the maximum and minimum value for an Oracle NUMBER column?
Oracle Sequences
Oracle view with multiple join is only recognize when use a quotes around - why ?
Oracle - select AND delete in a procedure
Oracle triggers error are not captured while using ADODB
Oracle moving / transferring schemas from one server to another
What is the bullet-proof way to specify the Easy Connect string for Oracle?
Parse CSV (comma separated values) in Oracle
Please recommand some book on Oracle and Apex
Table Join Efficiency Question
SQL to search objects, including stored procedures, in Oracle.
Oracle/SQL: Why does query "SELECT * FROM records WHERE rownum >= 5 AND rownum <= 10" - return zero rows
JDBC connection to Oracle Clustered
Oracle deadlock detection tool
Oracle Export: ORA-31600: invalid input value EMIT_SCHEMA for parameter NAME in function SET_TRANSFORM_PARAM
Converting a string to an integer in oracle
Oracle how to export query to a text/csv file
Oracle compile view sql
Prevent Oracle minus statement from removing duplicates
Run Oracle update statements in a batch mode
Using Semicolons in Oracle SQL Statements
Understanding the results of Execute Explain Plan in Oracle SQL Developer
Oracle - dynamic column name in select statement
Installing Oracle 10 ODP.NET on Microsoft Windows 2008 Server 64bit
Replace (translate) one char to many
When programatically creating a DSN for an Oracle database how can I reliably tell the driver name?
Program version using the database?
How to wrapp an Oracle stored procedure in a function that gets executed by a standard SELECT query?
Best solution for Java web based forms connected to Oracle plus JNI?
Oracle - How to grant to a user the rights to another user's objects
oracle objects and collections
describe query with oracle (.Net Connector)
Oracle - How to have an out ref cursor parameter in a stored procedure?
Copying data between Oracle schemas using SQL
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges creating JMS connection to Oracle topic
Scripting out Oracle objects
Changing a column in oracle that has a foreign key constraint
TransactionTimeout with Oracle 11g
Oracle/PLSQL performance
difference between a User and a Schema in Oracle?
Problem connecting to Oracle database via ASP.NET page under IIS
Oracle Connection and nls_lang
How can Oracle User Profiles be put to practical use?
How do I fix an oracle Table/Index row count mismatch
Inserting multiple rows into Oracle
Data Logging with Oracle (or any RDBMS)
Why does running this query with EXECUTE IMMEDIATE cause it to fail?
Performance of Oracle's dbms_crypto.hash function for SHA-1
Oracle Form Builder: Switching between tabs in a form
How to cancel a long-running Database operation?
Oracle query to get Data from table inserted in last 10 mins.
Abort a PL/SQL program
Oracle stored procedure OUT parameters
oracle subselect with dynamic table and column
Too many columns in a single database table?
Oracle Hierarchical query: how to include top-level parent
Oracle Resource Manager Plan Design
Oracle Forms/Applications in Internet Explorer 8 using JInitator
Is there an easy way to convert HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE to Oracle NLS_LANG settings?
Oracle cursor running through the last item twice
Archive log transfer from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g
Extracting time zone from Oracle JDBC TIMEZONETZ object
Oracle External Tables: Advanced Flat File Layout
oracle sqlplus command line question
query long raw data type
Default row ordering for select query in oracle
Getting Oracle client to work on Windows 7 RC
ORACLE 7.3 user management
Oracle: Using subqueary in a trigger
More elegant SQL?
Instantiating Oracle Driver results in InvocationTargetException
Help optimize an Oracle query?
Monitoring which statement updates (and when) a certain table row with Oracle 10
Oracle Date Rounding
Multiple Oracle Clients
What are some good Oracle Db maintenance Tools.
What's the difference between the Oracle SYS and SYSTEM accounts?
oracle insert with many bind variables over WAN is very slow
Testing SQL query on Oracle which includes a remote database
CONNECT_BY_ISLEAF with Conditions
Oracle Associative Array TYPE is not able to use in USING statement (If  TYPE is declared within Package)
Importing 3954275 Insert statements into Oracle 10g
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using Oracle Auto Segment Space Management?
Is it recommended practice to use uniform extent sizes in Oracle tablespaces?
Oracle: Calling multiple procedures in a batch
How do I execute private procedures in an Oracle package?
ORA-4030 Oracle : How to resolve
Optimizing SELECT Query on Oracle 10 Dense Unique Index
Cannot Connect with TOAD but Can with Other Tools/Apps
Is there a way to view relationships in Oracle SQL Developer?
Using a ref cursor as input type with ODP.NET
How to encode string in Oracle?
Faster 'select distinct thing_id,thing_name from table1' in oracle
How to get Oracle create table statement in SQL*Plus
relations in oracle objects?
Oracle optimizing query involving date calculation
How do I automatically reset a sequence's value to 0 every year in Oracle 10g?
How to resolve Oracle RemoteOperationException: Error reading error from command
Oracle adds NULL Byte (ASCII: 0) to varchar2 string
Oracle Calculation Involving Results of Another Calculation
Oracle 8i Query Help
Oracle Database character set issue with the audit tables on Debian
Oracle Differences between NVL and Coalesce
how to change a column's attribute without affecting the values already present?
Oracle .NET error - Wrong number or type of arguments
how to write a pl/sql code block that prints out contents of cursor that is out parameter from stored proc
In Oracle, is there a function that calculates the difference between two Dates?
Oracle Financials GL Import
SQL for listing Oracle Stored Procedures
nHibernate SchemaUpdate Failing
Restore and Recovery Scenario
Mapping an Oracle Date to a Java object using Hibernate
Oracle BPM Ajax to Fuego Object
Oracle: symbolic names and logical grouping for ORA-XXXXX codes?
Lost RPC connection to remote Agent error with Oracle connected to Informix
Can Ruby on Rails connect to Oracle/RDB on Mac OS X or Windows?
Keeping tables synchronized in Oracle
Connect to a secure database using JDBC
Oracle SQL Expert Certification 1Z0-047
Testing for a valid date in a oracle procedure's parameter
oracle pl/sql ora-01722 error
dba_jobs_running: table or view does not exist when trying to access from procedure
Oracle database connections - what are all the fields I need to fill in?
Oracle 'identifier myschema.mytable must be declared'
Is there an easy way to backup Oracle SQL Developer's User Snippets?
Oracle SQL Query (Analytics?)
Rolling forward the archivelog and online redo logs to the restored database
Converting SQL Server date format to Oracle
Filter SQL query by a unique set of column values, regardless of their order
What type of index in best for DATE type on Oracle?
Oracle: Variable number of parameters to a stored procedure
Query two tables from different schema
Techniques for removing old data on Oracle databases
Oracle 11g SQL to get unique values in one column of a multi-column query
Oracle lag between commit and select
Exporting Excel Data into Oracle Table using VB.NET
Oracle Pl/SQL: Loop through XMLTYPE  nodes
Bulk Insert into Oracle database: Which is better: FOR Cursor loop or a simple Select ?
Return an Oracle Ref Cursor to a SqlServer T-SQL caller
secure Oracle connection from java applet
Oracle Syntax for Creating Database Link Owned by Another User
Accessing a Windows file folder from Oracle Forms 10g
Connect SQLplus in oracle
Resolving ORA-4031 "unable to allocate x bytes of shared memory"
[Probably something stupid] Can't create trigger using SQLPlus in Oracle
Whats wrong with this Cursor
Oracle extractValue failing when query returns many rows
referential integrity constraint is automatically disabling in oracle.
ORM for ASP.net, ORACLE, looking for a solution.
How to obtain the list of Oracle's SIDs
Oracle: loading a large xml file?
How can I optimize a dynamic search query in Oracle
Update the results of a SELECT statement
Can I get ORA-08177 if there's only one connection to the database?
Oracle 'printf' equivalent
Oracle 10g PL/SQL- Select results as update column values
Working with date ranges in PHP/Oracle
How to install Java class on Oracle on Solaris
Oracle EXECUTE IMMEDIATE with variable number of binds possible?
How do I use CREATE OR REPLACE?
Oracle and SQLServer function evaluation in queries
Customize Oracle AWR report
How to determine ORACLE_HOME from PL/SQL?
Help me understand the difference between CLOBs and BLOBs in Oracle
Display contents of Oracle AQ SYS.AQ$_JMS_TEXT_MESSAGE
Is it possible to use a database link between an oracle database and a postgresql database on different physical servers
Oracle unique constraint with where clause
how will you take only stored procedure backup in oralce 10g?
XAConnection performance in Oracle (10g)
MODIFY COLUMN in oracle - How to check if a column is nullable before setting to nullable?
Oracle SQL Query to Summarize Statistics, using GROUP BY
Oracle DB: How can I write query ignoring case?
Can a query from an Oracle to a DB2 through a dblink block the DB2 table?
Oracle Analytic Question
What is the difference between converting to hex on the client end and using rawtohex?
How to determine a PL/SQL function's schema from within the function
Dump Oracle table(s) data to INSERT statements
What's a quality development environment for writing Oracle SQL?
How to do monthly refresh of large DB tables without interrupting user access to them
General Oracle Results Table
General Oracle Data Collection Storage
Data Guard Oracle 11g
Oracle: Does a 10g oracle client work with an 11g server?
Websphere connections problem
How to list active / open connections in Oracle?
Accessing a Function over Database Link with Different Charsets in Oracle
Oracle connections problem
How to created a "singleton" scheduled job in oracle?
ODP.net Oracle Decimal Number precision problem when filling a dataset. Exception: Arithmetic operation resulted in an overflow
How could predicate pushing on an inline view slow down a query?
Oracle Generic DB Link not working
How do I specify which Oracle client install to use?
Querying Oracle with a pick list
PL/SQL: Problem in WHERE clause ( don't know how I can address results from DECODE() function in WHERE clause).
How to handle line breaks in data for importing with SQL Loader
Oracle 11g SQL select max integer value of varchar column
pl/sql Stored procedure... where does the execution time go?
Storing Waveforms in Oracle
How to improve performance in Oracle using SELECT DISTINCT
Requirements for connecting to Oracle with JDBC?
How can I define a type in oracle11g that references a collection of that type?
What is the SQL Server equivalent to Oracle's Virtual Private Database?
PL/SQL: Retrieve names of procedures and functions within a package
Storing Array of Floats as a BLOB in Oracle
Batch multiple select statements when calling Oracle from ADO.NET
Accessing Oracle Database from C#
Compare strings by their written representation - is it possible?
Resultset logic when selecting tables without a join?
Continuing Inserts in Oracle when exception is raised
Possible to create Oracle associative array type outside of a package/procedure?
Oracle - Is there any effects of not having a primary key on  a table ?
Loose coupling among objects within oracle schema
Possible to create Oracle Database object types inside of PL/SQL?
In Oracle, is starting the SQL Query's WHERE clause with 1=1 useful?
Oracle V-Limits (VARCHAR, VARRAY, etc)
How to progromatically know to rollback a transaction (can do it in SQLServer, but need oracle solution)
Efficiency of storing an Oracle User Defined Type in an index organized table
What is the PL/SQL API difference between Oracle Express Edition (XE) and Standard Edition (SE)?
Is there an Oracle equivalent to SQL Server's OUTPUT INSERTED.*?
How do you add an edit button to each row in a report in Oracle APEX?
How can multiple rows be concatenated into one in Oracle without creating a stored procedure?
Can an Oracle variable of type RECORD be passed between procedures without the procedures knowing its real type?
Oracle SqlDeveloper: how to view results from a ref cursor?
How do I set the window tile for a SQL*Plus (Windows) instance?
SQL: the semicolon or the slash?
NLS_LANG setting for JDBC thin driver?
What is an effective way to  track, identify and report every 'error message raised by your application similar to Oracle's ORA-00237 database error codes?
Oracle: Global namespace qualifier for function?
Oracle: best way to search over a range of values?
Help me put Oracle terminology into SQL Server terminology
Oracle Identify Data Type
Oracle NUMBER Comparisons
Import Excel File into Oracle
Quickest query to check for the existence of a row in Oracle?
alternatives for loading into oracle
SSRS Report from Oracle DB - Use stored procedure
What's wrong with adding LOBs to an Oracle table?
Oracle DATE Index
Limit Oracle / ASPX Query Time
Why is oracle spewing bad table metadata?
use oracle cursor within a sys_refcursor
How to optimize oracle query for repeated full table sorts?
How do I turn off Oracle password expiration?
Calculate difference between 2 date / times in Oracle SQL
Evaluate Oracle Expression
oracle: efficient way to configure columns in an output report
Stumped and Seeking Input Re: Database Design
Oracle SQL Developer: sharing configuration via Dropbox
ORACLE Rollback and Trigger
How can I optmize a MAX date query relating to a other table entity
How to know which stored procedures are running in an Oracle database?
Best way in Oracle to go from this data to this result
How do you add textboxes to Oracle APEX reports?
No results from Oracle query in VB ASPX
What is the difference between a hash join and a merge join (Oracle RDMBS )?
Oracle 11g Cold Restore?
Oracle performance using functions in where clause
Oracle requests proxy
execute immediate over databse link
How do you strip leading spaces in Oracle?
#define Equivalent for Oracle SQL?
Is there an Oracle SQL query that aggregates multiple rows into one row?
calling a stored proc over a dblink
Problem with Oracle Sql Loader control file
Negating an arbitrary where clause condition (including the null tests)
How to increase Oracle CBO cost estimation for hash joins, group by's and order by's without hints
Diagnostic output of the Oracle Query Optimizer
Oracle Builtin String Character Classes
What's the equivalent of Oracle's to_char in AS400 DB2 SQL syntax?
Query Hangs
Find duplicate/repeated rows in hierarchical sql
Does Oracle 10g automatically escape double quotes in recordsets?
Is it safe/possible to delete code from the table dba_source in Oracle 10g?
Oracle Materialized Views Vs Replication on the same DB server
How to get values of bind parameters from Oracle JDBC PreparedStatement object
Last day of the month with a twist in SQLPLUS
Using a Oracle subselect to replace a CASE statement
Performance of Remote Materialized views in Oracle
Can you grant privileges to an oracle cluster object?
Oracle pl-sql escape character (for a '?')
Is there integer ranges for Where Clause?
How to determine if a table has been accessed in the last month?
BPEL for data synchronization
How to limit RAM usage in Oracle 9
How can I find which tables reference a given table in Oracle SQL Developer?
Optional Entity Attributes
How can I "batch download" data from Oracle?
MERGE output cursor of SP into table?
Oracle SQL Invalid Identifier
oracle varchar to number
Oracle Data Dump and Data Restore
Error connecting to Oracle from Visual Studio
How to get UTC value for SYSDATE on Oracle
Index not used due to type conversion?
Oracle Java Stored Procedure Command-line Interaction
Difference between two queries when selecting a random sample from oracle
Oracle connections from a COM+ application
Is ODP.NET required for Oracle 11g Client?
Version configuration from SQL
How do I escape a reserved word in oracle
Oracle NUMBER problem: Decimal to Int64 cast
Help Constructing an Oracle SQL with Condition
Possible to create Oracle regular expression that's able to match NULL?
Oracle Query Optimization
Delete an oracle-user with single quotes in the username
What is difference between Access and oracle????
Get resultset from oracle stored procedure
what is d2k in oracle
difference between varchar and varchar2
Oracle all foreign key references
What's the best way to determine which version of oracle client I'm running?
Oracle TEMPORARY TABLESPACE
Oracle Update Hangs
Does an index on a unique field in a table allow a select count(*) to happen instantly?  If not why not?
Can you add values to an Oracle APEX Shuttle item using a textbox?
How do you pre-set values on the right-hand side of a Shuttle Item in Oracle APEX?
Oracle Analytics inside Cursor
Oracle Minus - From a list of values, how do I count ONLY non reversed values.
update sql in Oracle conversion from Sql Server
how to use a variable in oracle script for the table name
Oracle PL/SQL: Any benefits in changing PLSQL_CODE_TYPE from interpreted to native ?
Oracle and auto_increment/identity
Oracle optional relationship
Can I run an arbitrary Oracle SQL script through ODP.NET?
Local Temporary table in Oracle 10 (for the scope of Stored Procedure)
oracle 11g hibernate problem
How to write a SQL Loader control file to load data into multiple tables
CREATE TABLE reverse engineering in Oracle
Is there any way to programmatically "move" an oracle table definition from one database to another?
problem with oracle sqlplus with whitespace in the path of the @ command
Create or replace role?
Workaround for Oracle 9i outputting CRLF when using utl_file.putraw() for BLOBs?
How to refer dynamically to another database user?
Oracle: Altering JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES question
Oracle INSERT giving error in C#.
How can I use the 'NVL' function on a result table?
Why oracle does not have autoincrement feature for primary keys?
Is direct-path insert a good way to do bulk inserts in Oracle?
Oracle: Create table as select from another database?
Oracle Gotchas for An Experienced Newb
Question about Oracle locking and summarisation
How do I insert sysdate into a column using ODP and an XML dataset?
How to extract data from a LONG column holding XML strings
Error when converting XML from a CLOB column to XMLType colum
Trouble using/displaying special characters from Oracle db in .Net app
How to deploy web service through oracle enterprise manager [Java]
What is sql Loader...in details
Oracle: How do I convert hex to decimal in Oracle SQL?
Getting Oracle's MD5 to match PHP's MD5
Differences between two analytic queries
Can I use Oracle SQL to plot actual dates from Schedule Information?
Whats wrong with this FIRST_VALUE query?
When does Oracle index null column values?
Losing decimals when using Oracle SDO_POINT in a view
How can I tell which sessions are tracing (after a call to DBMS_MONITOR.SESSION_TRACE_ENABLE)
PL/SQL Logging - How to control?
