LinqtoSQL filter and order by syntax
LINQ Submit Changes not submitting changes
How do I get the MAX row with a GROUP BY in LINQ query
Does LINQ's ExecuteCommand provide protection from SQL injection attacks?
Using Linq with WCF
linqtosql, timespan, aggregates ... can it be done?
Should repositories implement IQueryable<T>?
Is it possible to Pivot data using LINQ?
DateTime, DateTime? and LINQ
How do I get the max data size of every column in an IQuerable using LINQ
Accessing grouped sets of objects for a ListView
LINQ to Entity Duplicate Record Issue
LINQ - which layer should LINQ typically fall into, DAL ?
What are the alternatives to using Expand in a LINQ to ADO.net Data Service Query?
LINQ inner join betwenn Enumerable and DB Table
How do you handle arbitrary namespaces when querying over Linq to XML?
SQL command to LINQ (pivoting)
How would you do a "not in" query with Linq?
How do I LINQify this?
Linq to SQL: DataTable.Rows[0]["ColumnName"] equivalent
Data Types supported in visual studio 2008
Linq and heavy blobs
Bulding a LINQ query programatically without local variables tricking me
Is there a way to write a group by query in LinqToSql grouping not on a scalar value?
LINQ practice exercises or puzzles?
LINQ asp.net page against MS Access . .
How do I use LINQ .Contains(string[]) instead of .Contains(string)
Linq equivalent of foreach
[LINQ] EntitySet vs Table
Preserving order in SQL
Best way for retrieving single record results in LINQ to SQL
Is there a linq-y way to union collection properties of a collection of objects?
LINQ External Mapping to Class Library
Linq 2 SQL: Setting ObjectTrackingEnabled to false breaks lazy loading of child entities?
ExpressionType.Quote
Object Oriented Model on top of LINQ to SQL
Assignment in .NET 3.5 expression trees
How do I do a deep copy of a node in LINQ to XML?
Using XQuery in Linq To SQL?
How scalable is LINQ?
How to compare dates in LINQ?
Which LINQ syntax do you prefer? Fluent or Query Expression
How can I combine this code into one or two LINQ queries?
Automatically add some Where clauses to a Linq Expression Tree
Can I use LINQ to convert a List<MyObjectType> into a DataSet?
How to update a single column in LINQ without loading the entire row?
Nested transactions in LINQ to SQL
How to assign null to sql entity columns
Checking for duplicates in a complex object using Linq or Lamda expression
How to delete a record in linq
It is possible to use Full Text Search (FTS) with LINQ?
What is the best way to sort using a GridView and LiNQ?
How do I build a Linq Expression Tree that does this?
Is there a LINQ library for C++?
LINQ to SQL multiple DataContext-s
Can this be refactored into nicey nice LINQ?
How .NET 3.5 (lambdas, Linq) evolved
Getting a collection of index values using a LINQ query
Performing an update with LINQ
Linq-to-SQL ToDictionary()
EBNF to fluent interface
Keeping a "reference" to a row object for a long time
What would you choose for your data layer today, Linq or Subsonic?
Are LINQ expression trees Turing complete?
Most popular GROUP BY in LINQ?
Can I perform an "or" operation in LINQ to objects?
why use a web service with linq to sql?
Is LINQ DOA?
Best primary key data type for Linq to SQL
Can take be used in query expressions in c# linq?
LinQ ORM Data Objects and Inheritance.
How can I get my orderby to work using an anonymous type?
How can I perform a nested Join, Add, and Group in LINQ?
How do I delete a single row in Linq?
Adding Nodes to Tree via LINQ creates query operator not supported during runtim
LinqToEntities not retrieving child objects of an entity
Accessing dynamically created stored procedure from LINQ
Linq to Sql: Multiple left outer joins
Having some confusion with LINQ
How to insert a record with LINQ and C# and return the Primary Key of that record
How do you add an index field to Linq results
Pros and Cons of LINQ (Language-Integrated Query)
a ListView, a LinqDataSource, linq-to-sql and ordering
nested linq queries, how to get distinct values?
Linq to XML: XElement.Save to file
Using Linq to Sql, how can I get a particular result from a query?
Linq Extension methods vs Linq syntax
LINQ Distinct operator ignore case?
Streaming and Linq Blobs
linq operators like in
linq help - newbie
LINQ to SQL Designer Bug
Linq-to-SQL How to prevent the use of Delete methods?
LINQ to SQL bug (or very strange feature) when using IQueryable, foreach, and multiple Where
Is LINQ best way to build a Model or create my own classes
LINQ to XML: parsing XML file which one of nodes presents type of another node
Linq query built in foreach loop always takes parameter value from last iteration
Query Microsoft Access MDB Database using LINQ and C#
linq: multiple order by
LINQ -- How do I perform aggregation without the "group by"
Linq to Entities and concatenated properties
Linq to NHibernate project status? Contributing? Lead?
Linq to SQL and Entity Framework Diffrences ?
Linq Help. int.Contains and int == iqueryable doesn't work.
Exception when casting from concrete class to interface in LINQ query.
Changing a LINQ objects data context
Using LINQ to get column value from column name when you have the row?
How to Query A DataGridView Using Linq
How to use Linq to set attributes based on counter
Storing images with LINQ to SQL: Converting byte array or stream to Binary
DataGridView Filtering OnClick Event (C# WinForm)
LINQy way to check if any objects in a collection have the same property value
How do I get the max ID with Linq to Entity?
Clever tricks to find specific LINQ queries in SQL Profiler
Is yield useful outside of LINQ?
Existing LINQ extension method similar to Parallel.For?
LINQ grouping/subquery to fill a hierarchy data strcuture
Out to merge a collection of collections in Linq
Selectively remove from where clause in LINQ expression tree
How much overhead does 'Update Check' have for LINQ UPDATES
Setting LinqDataSource bound DropDownList using URL querystring
IEnumberable.Except wont work, so what do I do?
Is it possible to Serialize a LINQ object?
Does this linq query runs on every iteration of the for-each loop?
LINQ: Check whether an Array is a subset of another
How does Linq work (behind the scenes)?
Do you ToList()?
Using Linq with stored procedures
LINQ: Max or Default?
Are LinQ Queries above different LinQ providers possible?
Timesheets: Retrieve data using SQL, LINQ or class?
Using LINQ to query flat text files with fixed-length records?
Linq to Sql query using "not in"
Problem refreshing tables in the LINQ to SQL designer
linq to sql:  join multiple columns from the same table
Linq for java
Simple tutorial for Linq
Another LINQ Pivot Problem - Convert SQL Script to LINQ
LINQ across multiple databases
a newbie question on Linq To Sql
Encapsulating LINQ select statement.
Linq to sql error with identitiy increment field
How To Update Data With Linq By Attach Method
Is linq a cursor?
LINQ to SQL
Linq to SQL Nested IN FROM query
How to do this in ADO.NET Entities Framework
Force Full Path in the Connection String of Linq DataContext
LINQ Error Invalid Column Name on Group by sum.
LINQ GroupJoin innerKeySelector/outerKeySeletor issue with two DataTables
Sorting IQueryable by Aggregate in VB.net
Cross join (pivot) with n-n table containing values
Linq with custom base collection
LINQ, iterators, selecting and projection
How do you count the words in an array of strings with LINQ?
How to do joins in LINQ on multiple fields in single join
Linq validation non nullable properties
refactoring the OrderBy expression
How save XPathExpression result to separate XML with ancestor structure?
Using LINQ how do I have a grouping by a "calculated field"
LINQ - Update null integer data field
Linq SubmitChanges not updating decimal fields ... why?
Outer Joins and Linq
Adding to the Where clause of an Update in LinQ-to-Entities
Does LINQ use DataRelations to optimize joins?
ascending/descending in LINQ - can one change the order via parameter?
How to create a dynamic Linq Join extension method
LINQ Query - Explanation needed of why these examples are different.
When should I dispose of a data context
Adding related data with multiple LINQ to SQL DataContexts
LINQ- Combine Multiple List<T>  and order by a value (.Net 3.5)
Linq and DeleteAllOnSubmit pain
Filtering Null values in Select
Determine if a sequence contains all elements of another sequence using Linq
Linq to SQL: order by value in related table
LINQ Anonymous Types + MVC Views Help
High performance product catalog in asp.net?
LINQ ISNULL
Linq vs. database views
how to do subquery in LINQ
Full Linq Query Instead of Lambdas with Fluent-NHibernate?
LINQ to SQL Query Syntax
Running out of DB connections using LINQ to SQL
How to query (LINQ) multiple table association link ?
Zipcode to city/state look-up XML file?
C# Excluding related values from a list (LINQ)
linq nested query using .contains with a bigint
Can I start with a string and instantiate an object of that string?
What would be a good way to add "friendly" column names to a LINQ to SQL model?
Split a collection into n parts with LINQ?
Which is the best book out there to learn Linq, including Linq to Entities?
LINQ with Subquery/Group By/Join
Can I make a generic CompiledQuery that accepts multiple tables and generic types?
What are Expression Trees in LINQ?
How to lambda the group by data on a LINQ to Sql results?
Can I declare a Global Inferred variable in C#?
Nested Group by in LINQ
Using LINQ with stored procedure that returns multiple instances of the same entity per row
If Else in LINQ
If all my sql server database access is done thru stored procedures.....
Linq to Sql Deferred Loading
What is the LINQ to XML equivalent for this XPath
Need help in resolving error in predicates for And operator in LINQ
LINQ to SQL
How to Count Duplicates in List and Sort by amount of Duplicates with LINQ
Submitting a list of Items to Database with Linq datacontext
Linq and retrieving primary key
Determining scope of a MemberExpressions target
linq to sql LoadWith limiting fields returned
What OR/M tool that supports Linq/Iqueryable would you recommend?
LINQ to SQL not recognizing new associations?
LINQ version of TOP PERCENT
LINQ COUNT on multiple columns
Querying against LINQ to SQL relationships
Linq - what locale/collation it uses to compare objects?
if exists statement in sql to linq
LINQ: Using AssociateWith and Distinct together
Linq - sum child field value when child records query ganareted by diffrent func
How can an object-oriented programmer get his/her head around database-driven programming?
LINQ + lightweight database, which db to choose?
How to create a join in an expression tree for LINQ?
Avoiding code repetition when using LINQ
Dynamic LINQ on IEnumerable?
How to add collation to Linq expressions?
How to limit a LINQ left outer join to one row
Linq - Casting IQueryable to IList returns null - WHY?
LINQ to DATASET update with a stored procedure
LINQ -  Is it possible with dynamic LINQ to dynamically speficy the from clause.
LINQ to SQL - Update to increment a non-primary-key field - thread-safe
LINQ InsertOnSubmit: NullReferenceException
multiple orderby in this linq code
MSSQL 2005: Nullable Foreign Key Constraint
How do I use subquery, groupby, max, and top in single linqToSql statement?
Collections from LINQ to SQL and the abiltiy to filter.
How do you transfer the execution of a IQueryable object to a IEnumerable ?
Why is the Intellisense for properties and methods of instantiated datacontext not showing?
Convert Dataset to IQueryable<T> or IEnumerable<T>
Why Linq Preview for VS2005 doesn't create objects?
Linq - Row not found or changed
Your Favorite LINQ-to-Objects Queries
NullReferenceException when using Linq to XML
LINQ to SQL - select where text like string array
How to order by time and time only in C#??
Can I select multiple objects in a Linq query
LInq - querying child collections
Stored Procedure & LINQ, Dmbl File unable to interpret the result set
How do I get a user GUID from a selected item in a DropDownBox that is databound to a LINQ datasource?
LinqToSQl and the  Member access not legal on type exception
Multiple simultaneous posts to DB with Linq
linq and object initialisation
LINQ Inner-Join vs Left-Join
Deleting Database in Linq
LINQ (or anything) to add items from an objects list to the objects row in a datagrid?
Is Linq included in .net 2010
Linq Sub-Select
Executing a certain action for all elements in an Enumerable<T>
Linq + NHibernate: is it production ready?
LINQ dependent calculation assignment
Using SelectedItem property of ComboBox w/Linq Anonymous Type.
LINQ: Using INNER JOIN, Group and SUM
LINQ-to-SQL select filter
Read attributes values with linq
LINQ injecting Unicode Characters
Linq: recursively get children
Who has bought the autocompletion for linqpad?
Determining and arranging items on lenght  in IEnumerable<T>
How to name fields using Dynamic Linq?
Extracting text from an IEnumerable<T>
How do I find similar column names using linq?
Linq to SQL vs Entity Framework, Microsoft support for
Grouping data with sum
C# Is there a Linq to HTML, or some other good .Net HTML manipulation API?
How would I use LINQ2XML in this scenario?
What is the most impressive LINQ statement that you have come accross?
Querying a timestamp column from LINQ to SQL
efficient way to make paging on sql server 2008
While using Linq sum rounds up the values. How to avoide that?
LINQ joins and ADO.NET Data Services
LINQ Query skips without exception. Why?
How to deal with datatypes returned by LINQ
Hiw to bind LINQ data to dropdownlist
How do I do this SELECT statement with LINQ?
Strongly typed dynamic Linq sorting
Is DB_LINQ + Non-MSSQL Database an acceptable substitute for LINQ to SQL with MSSQL?
Linq with Left Join on SubQuery containing Count
Navigating trees with LINQ to entities
Linq compiled queries without passing the context
linq to entities inheritance query problem.
Query an XDocument for elements by name at any depth
Is there a better way to get sub-sequences where each item matches a predicate?
Linq2XML, Why isn't Element(), Elements() working?
How do I navigate through multiple relationships using LINQ to Entities?
Where and When to use LINQ?
Linq to Xml: selecting elements if they're contained within an IEnumerable<XElement>
Nested Linq crashes intellisense
Can I get specific metadata from a Func<T, object>?
A DSL for Linq Queries - looking for ideas
How to remap properties in LINQ?
What is the quickest way to query a database with LINQ?
From "LINQ to SQL" to "Azure Table Storage" or "SQL Data Service"
LINQ - Add property to results
Using the All operator
Object reference not set to an instance of object error
What are the advantages of LINQ?
LINQ to SQL - Updating Data Context Objects in Partial Classes
How to specify .NET Anonymous object return type in Linq using Func<T,Q>?
LINQ multiple where clause
What's the smart way to implement OrderBy / ThenBy?
Populating child collection property with LINQ sub-query
Getting 'Data source is an invalid type' when binding Linq query to Gridview
How do I find a subset of items in two sets of data that partially differ?
What is the most concise way to find the existence of a node using LINQ to XML?
linq Order By for a List(Of myObjects)
Is it possible to change &amp; to & in the results from a LINQ query?
How can I query two databases and combine the results using LINQ?
LINQ Query for Controlling some item.
How to make a return type for a result set in LINQ
Fastest way to count number of uppercase characters in c#
How do you access data from your I Series in ASP.Net?
DataContext Refresh doesn't invoke PropertyChanging & PropertyChanged Events
Use LINQ to concatenate multiple rows into single row (CSV property)
linq cache and disposing datacontext
Select a Dictionary<T1, T2> with LINQ
How to simplify this LINQ Query with Distinct on each column into a single statement
How to get a custom object out of a generic List with LINQ?
linq (to nhibernate) where clause on dynamic property in sql
Linq to SQL or Linq to DataSet?
How to get the index of a record ordered by something in Linq?
Linq To SQL Without Explicit Foreign Key Relationships
.NET Linq Join
XML inside an XElement
Should I worry about the upgrade path for LINQ (the query language)
Boolean column in Microsoft Access and filtering data using linq
Non generic IQueryable Enumeration Problem
LINQ for diffing sets
Is it true LINQ is getting scrapped?
LINQ and the Count extension method
Difference between Expression.Call overloads?
When does a library deserve the be called "Linq-something" or "something-Linq"?
LINQ: Dot Notation vs Query Expression
How to add several dependent records with LINQ2SQL
Is there a better way to code this LINQ fragment?
LINQ WHERE query problem in C#
Linq: In what situation do you use linq?
LINQ to SQL deployment problem
convert c# linq to vb.net linq
Linq Select IList
Confused about LINQ parameters
Linq returning list of anonymous types
Order a parent object by a child's property in LINQ
Problems with LINQ
LINQ query operator for log table
How to deal with a flaw in System.Data.DataTableExtensions.CopyToDataTable()
Find or Create Element in LINQ-to-XML
How would you write an Upsert for LINQ to SQL?
Adding related records in LINQ
LINQ - Return Value From Field With A Max Value if No Rows Found
LINQ to SQL inserting large object from .NET
can linq update and query atomically?
Linq: IsNot in Object collection
Best object structure for linq to object?
Linq expression trees
Struggling with .ToList() returing an EntitySet<...>, not an IList<..>
Downcasting and Linq
Linq Caveats
How do I translate this GROUP BY / MIN SQL query into LINQ?
linq to sql batch delete
How do I report progress while executing a LINQ expression on a large-ish data set
What is the best way to optimize or "tune" LINQ expressions?
LinqToSql strange behaviour
Linq To Sql - ChangeConflictException not being thrown. Why?
Does LINQ and Lambda expressions reduce Cyclomatic-complexity?
How to retrieve indentity column vaule after insert using LINQ
Should I use two "where" clauses or "&&" in my LINQ query?
Best way to update in Linq To SQL
Restrict LINQ Subquery when databound to a grid
LINQ to read XML (C#)
A range of objects from a list
LINQ to SQL vs ADO.Net
DotNet Linq alternatives/equivalents?
How LINQ works internally?
How to replace xml content in conditionally selected elements using linq (VB 2008)
LINQ statement where result count is used in expression's condition
Can you use LINQ with in memory objects rather than SQL Server queries to improve performance?
LINQ grouping in C#
How do i get the Sum in this Linq query?
Multiple WHERE clause in Linq
What options do I have for LINQ projections?
Combining resultset in C# using Linq
Stop Linq2SQL using Named Pipes?
Updating a column value in resultset returned by a Linq query
Adding a custom member to a mapped type
LINQ - Help me grasp it with an example I think LINQ should be able to solve!
ADO.NET Entity Framework - LINQ to multiple dbms
LINQ Conflict Detection: Setting UpdateCheck attribute
Can I define Default Sort order in LinQ
Linq expression for surrounding numbers in an array
LINQ to SQL Classes
Is there Cache with Linq query support
Why does AsQueryable throw a StackOverflowException?
String or Binary Data Would Be Truncated Error
LINQ Except operator and object equality
How to convert a list of ints to a string array in Linq?
Performing part of a IQueryable query and deferring the rest to Linq for Objects
Is LinqToSQL the same as Linq?
LINQ  to XML question
LINQ to SQL Left Outer Join
What would this sql query (w count and group by) look like when translated to linq?
Concatenate collection of XML tags to string with LINQ
How can I connect an oracle data base with a dbml file?
Linq Count Returned Results
Silverlight 3 - RIA Services and LINQ
Add property to LINQ that is combination of multiple tables?
LINQ to DataSet, distinct by multiple columns
Ignore read-only class properties when using DataContext.ExecuteQuery<T>
Vexing linq to sql predicate building in a for loop
Remove Single Quotes From All Cells in a DataTable - Creating New Table - Using LINQ in Vb.Net
Sorting MultiValue data numerically OR alphabetically - LINQ to SQL and C#3.
Is there something wrong with my System.Xml.Linq library?
LINQ Optimization Question
LINQ: Remove items from IQueryable
How to work with dataset's datarelation in linq?
LINQ to DataSets for MySQL Interop
Duplicate rows when using orderby, Skip() and Take() with LINQ
Linq - How to aggregate the results of another query
Flattening Linq Group query
LINQ and .COUNT timing out
linq question: querying nested collections
[LINQ] Operations on Lambda Grouping
Sorting a list using Lambda/Linq to objects
Linq over Stored Procedures
TransactionScope, linq and strange transaction manager issue (HRESULT: 0x8004D024)
Linq query to include a subtype
Linq OrderBy against specific values
Count between range of date bind in gridview. LINQ to SQL Visual Basic
LINQ-to-SQL query that returns only one item, not a collection of them?
Does Linq and projects like i4o make object oriented DBs a viable alternateive to relational DBs?
Is it a good idea to learn LINQ first, then SQL?
How to succesfully join two in-memory linq collections?
How do dynamically set group by properties and aggregates in a LINQ query?
Linq: Get a list of all tables within DataContext
how would you query this in linq?
Updateable Data Grid using Linq to SQL in WinForms
Linq Update Problem
How do I get the next item in a subset of an ordered table using linq?
LinqToSql - Multiple subqueries creates many roundtrips
Modifying the sort order of a LINQ query
cannot find xml path error
linq to xml and ViewList problem
Distinct list of objects based on an arbitrary key in Linq
Read Anonymous Type from DataItem
LINQ SQL query check if a obect field is not null
Beginner LINQ question
How do I search the collection of a collection in my LINQ Where clause?
LINQ to SQL Insert Sequential GUID
What supposed to be the signature of my extension-methods
Has someone recent and trusted news about Linq to XSD?
Help with Tricky Linq Group by for time ranges
How do I order a Group result, in Linq?
Linq Select Compound From
LINQ Conditional Group
Stop Linq To Sql from Renaming properties of the DataContext after I rename them
LINQ to XML Newbie Question
Linq Question: Where on a Select
Standard SQL Query much faster than Linq 2 SQL
Is List.ForEach technically a part of LINQ or not?
LINQ: Group by month and year within a datetime field
How do I get the highest currently used ID number in a table with LINQ?
How can I query the range of date which one product has not been ordered? (LINQ)
Problem with paging with Linq and DataTable
refactoring LINQ IQueryable expression to remove duplicated portions of queries
Linq: How to Assign to Related  Entities ?
Linq over DataTable  with .Skip() and .Take() method
Linq to Objects - Where search within a list
The || (or) Operator in Linq with C#
Is LINQ Slower Than Calling Sprocs?
How to write this as a single LINQ query
Passing a anonymous type to function.
Null value cannot be assigned - LINQ query question
Use ResourceReader to create a HybridDictionary of resources.
What is the biggest mistake people make when starting to use LINQ?
What are some clever uses of LINQ?
Examples on when not to use LINQ
LINQ to Objects question
VB.Net Linq - How to append a where clause?
How do you use Linq to connect a table to a view?
How to select items that do not show up in a second list with Linq
Update SubmitChanges() - does not update.
Using LINQ Expression Instead of NHIbernate.Criterion
LINQ UpdateCheck on parent "LastUpdatedOn" field while updating children
insert 2 table in single query in linq
How do I decipher the Select method docs on MSDN?
LINQ and dbml file
Ling select with two tables
Using reflection to address a Linqed property
Relational databases and OO languages
How to get linq to produce exactly the sql I want?
Unable to cast object of type 'System.Data.Linq.DataQuery`1[System.Int32]' to type 'System.IConvertible'.
Force an IQueryable to execute?
How do you guard for Null Reference exceptions in Linq To Xml?
Combine two counting queries into one Boolean query
My linq-query doesn't work when adding the xmlns-attribute to the root-element in my XML-document
Paginated search results with LINQ to SQL
Linq-to-entities - Include() method not loading
Discrepancies between Mock Database and Real database behaviours.
What is the difference between Linq and IQueriable
How to use generic collections together with LINQ-to-entities
How do I stop the linq designer overwriting my manual changes?
500 error while deleting in LINQ
Make linq subquery
Disjoint Union in LINQ
Linq sub list Problem
How to combine Where clause and group by in LINQ
Is there a statement to prepend an element T to a IEnumerable<T>.
linq to xml - get rid of blank xmlns
Is there a way to capture the index value in a LINQ Where method in C#?
Get Directory Structure using Linq?
Switching to LINQ
If using LINQ to SQL is there any good reason to learn SQL queries/syntax anymore?
Using LINQ to SQL and chained Replace
Explain this LINQ code?
Need help converting a nested SQL statement to LINQ
Linq to XML - way to write binary Data into XML
linq to sql OnLoaded() with SQL View?
How mainstream is LINQ?
Search for whole word with Linq to SQL
Foreach in Linq
Does "Select New" in linq trigger an evaluation / load?
drawbacks of linq
Linq to Sql - return selected specified columns
LINQ Refactoring
Linq Query with SUM and ORDER BY
How do I create a linq query that gets everything but a specific value
Apply function to all elements of collection through LINQ
How to search a varchar field, using LINQ, to build a list of recommendations
LINQ: what is the type of a result?
How to get next active item in a list with linq.
LINQ retreive values from a table that of which fields(of a cetain column) are not equal of another table
LINQ to resx?
Exclusionary Set Syntax with Linq, VB
Get a random row with LINQToSQL
Typecast each object in an array on a single line of code, using LINQ
How To add another constructor with parameter in linq class(Table)
Working with Anonymous Types with Linq in VB, C#
DeleteOnNull (Association attribute) for Linq to SQL in custom class?
Resources for learning LINQ?
How can I write the following more elegantly using LINQ query syntax?
Dynamic LINQ context
Write a linq expression to select a subtree of items
Linq for NHibernate and fetch mode of eager loading
DataContext.CreateDatabase Attribute problem
Sub Query Where X in (from... ?
What's wrong with this linq query??
How does coding with Linq work? What happens behind the scenes?
Advanced multiple join in subquery using LINQ
Concurrency with Linq To Sql Stored Procedures
IMultipleResults: how do I deal with multiple result sets from a stored proc when they don't map to types?
Static methods vs repository pattern with Linq2Sql
Linq to object: ToList can not convert to gerneic list
How do I dynamically create an Expression<Func<MyClass, bool>> predicate?
Need some help ordering a Linq result.
Group By Multiple Columns - LINQ
LINQ - dynamic WHERE clause?
Linq newbie question
LINQ to SQL, Stored Procedures and the Methods Pane
calling a SP which returns a long select return using LINQ
LINQ - Joins in a dynamic query
IQueryable<T> with ASP.NET MVC - Can you use this if Model currently not using LINQ?
Conversion SQL to LINQ
Linq to SQL - how to dynamically filter by columns not in select
table alias in linq edmx
LINQ Tracking New / Dirty Objects
Linq dynamic select casting issue
Nested Linq Queries
What design pattern should I use to create an easy binding map between a query and textboxes for Linq search screens?
LINQ datacontext lifetime managment for web application
Accessing value from expression
Trying to get generic when generic is not available.
How to use the System.LINQ.Dynamic assembly w/ IEnumerable(Of T)
How to use Linq to group every N number of rows
linq group by a start time to endtime on DateTime Column
Is it possible to return IEnumerable of anonymous objects from DataContext.ExecuteQuery?
Flatten One-to-Many Relationship Using Dynamic LINQ
Bulk-deleting via LINQ
IQueryable  Where Extention Method with  Or's
LINQ performance - deferred v/s immediate execution
How to get unique First Letter of names and count of names starting with that letter from SQL Server using LINQ?
How to select only Date value No Time in LINQ to SQL?
Do you have to have SQL Server installed on a machine if the connection string using is a path to a .mdf File?
How To Define The Return Type In A Function With LINQ?
Linq PredicateBuilder - Multiple ORs - Newbie Q
Linq - Excluding items from different list types.
join query with linq
linq orderbyAscending?
Stuck on a subquery that is grouping, in Linq`
Applying LINQ to Objects Group By and Sort By to generic List<T> (C#)
Linq Error
Group by Question in Linq
Linq Stored Procedure Issue
How to Re-Order Evaluation of this Linq Scenario
What is the linq query that would replace my two foreach
List of unique strings in database table using Linq?
Convert SQL Query back to Linq Expression programmatically
Need to retrieve List of items containing subitems matched with another List
Linq version of SQL "IN" statement
How do I project to a dictionary with a custom type using Linq to SQL?
When using a LINQ Where clause on a Dictionary, how can I return a dictionary of the same type?
Dynamically building LINQ query using OR operator in VB
LINQ - how to convert query syntax to method syntax
How to 'select new' inside Linq lamda expression?
How do I delete records from a child collection in LINQ to SQL?
how group by in Linq with 2 Field ?
JOIN with LinqtoSql, only select TOP(x) on joined table?
Return Enumerable value from Class in linq?
sorting variable multidimensional arrays
Linq update record
Int list returned by LINQ query
Speed test Linq2SQL v Entiry Framework
LINQ table enumeration with column enumeration
Linq Dilemma
LINQ Entities as business objects - pro/cons
How to Sum the duration in Gridview List by using LINQ to SQL?
How does LINQ implement the SingleOrDefault() method?
LinqDataSource and DateTime Format
I'm working with the Entity Framework and I'm having a problem:
Checking if no elements in IEnumerable(Of T) - Linq element and quantifier operators
LINQ with 3 Tier
Timespan to string problem in LINQ query
LINQ:: Error in getting User
LINQ ERROR : Explicit construction of entity type
Bind Exclude Asp.net MVC doesn't work on LINQ Entity
Linq syntax in VB.NET
Use LINQ for arbitrary sorting
Split string in Linq select statement
Linq Select Certain Properties Into Another Object?
Bindable LINQ (BLinq) in VB.NET
Replacing Entity in LINQ
LINQ Newbie: Moving Nodes
LINQ Object Persistance
Run a method on all objects within a collection
When does Linq's Take, take the results?
LINQ - NOT selecting certain fields?
How do I work with and XML tag within a string?
LINQ query for a forum
C# Ranking of objects, multiple criteria
Linq to SQL Performance using contains.
how to use foreach in linq
linq case statement
When using Linq, is DbNull equivalent to Null?
Extending data context classes (interface, new properties etc)
Is there a way in Linq to apply different calculations based on different conditions
How remove empty element from string array in one line?
Seralization in WCF/C#/VS-2008/Linq
What is the best practise design for a scalable web application involving session state
Custom Linq Ordering
How can this be achieved in LINQ ?
C# LINQ: Sequence Contains No Elements Error (but I want to check for null!!!)
lamda extension to combine lists
LINQ group by more than one group
Linq and comparing two date columns
Conditional LINQ where statement?
How do you do a join in LinqToSQL?
How do I tell LINQ to ignore attributes that don't exist?
IDictionary is Linq friendly? C# 3.0
Linq Compiled Query using Contains (Like SQLs IN statement)
How unique is LINQ?
How can I use linq to sort by multiple fields?
Are the following Lambda and Linq expressions equivalent?
My O/R Designer keeps deleting the designer.cs file!
Conditional Group By statement using LINQ
Generic Linq ordering function?
GroupBy with linq method syntax (not query syntax)
Linq query with group and condition
Linq Selecting Distinct From Four IEnumerable Lists
Sum of hierarchical data using LINQ?
Serilializing Linq.Table to XML
LINQ to SQL Lookup table? Join perhaps? I'm lost... ;/
Returning multiple streams from LINQ query.
Why doesn't deferred execution cache iterative values?
How to get position inside a select statement
Linq query, how to build nested objects from single table
How to use LINQ to compile a lambda expression to custom SQL or otherwise?
Overlay/Join two collections with Linq
ASP.net gridview sorting with linq result
What is the equivilent C# 3.5 Linq to SQL for this?
In what scenarios is LINQ best applicable?
LINQ to Objects - Does Not Contain?
VerificationException Operation could destabilize the runtime on Simple LINQ Query
linq: counting items in subsets of queries
Linq: get articles with top vote count
LINQ :: Use static DataContext to prevent Concurrency Problem
LINQ with generic Predicate constraint
How can I use LINQ to return a list of Countries but place a particular country aribitrarly at the top?
LINQ Design and Prototyping
Ok dumb question time. Linq to SQL. Join.
LINQ Select() function throws out loaded values (loadoptions)
Are Update/Delete/Insert on the Linq Roadmap?
LINQ default methods for insert/delete/update are coming disabled in visual studio 2008
LINQ: Distinct values
What does full LINQ support mean?
Duplicate Rows when Data Binding with LINQ to Entities
Linq Join on Mutliple Properties
Conditional Multiple Fields Searching and Filtering in LINQ
LINQ Except using custom Comparer.
Linq .Contains with large set causes TDS error
Temporary tables in Linq -- Anyone see a problem with this?
merge 2 Linq sequences into one, with precedence
Linq to XML (Base64 Encoded)
Linq + Invalid expression term '>'
LINQ to SQL and Data Projection, MVC
linq 'range variable' problem
JOIN and LEFT JOIN equivalent in LINQ
DataContxet reusing connection
linq to sql
How does OrderBy in LINQ works (behind the scenes)?
Linq to SQL question - specifying columns then modifying column
Linq to XML Noob question - distinct and order by on attributes
ADO.NET Data Service not dynamically updating
what is the difference between ObjectQuery and "var" ?
Modify linq query how to?
When to use .First and when to use .FirstOrDefault with LINQ?
Linq query on the maximum value of 2 fields
linq to sql + stackoverflow exception when querying objects
linq to sql + update table
LINQ: How to get items from an inner list into one list?
to do a substring using LINQ on a string, do I have to correct syntax?
Using Linq to run a method on a collection of objects?
Should I consider LINQ to Entities?
Creating a list of Anonymous Type in VB
Confusing LINQ statement
Need help with LINQ query and ASP.NET MVC?
Why does LINQ treat two methods that do the "same" thing differently?
Selecting columns in DataLoadOptions
Why does VB have more LINQ keywoards than C#?
How can I set the value of a column for every row in a table using LINQ?
Is there an implementation of IQueryable over DbDataReader?
Does Linq has "Difference" ?
Linq to sql truncating string returned by Stored Procedure
Is LINQ to Everything a good abstraction?
Dynamic Linq To Sql With ComboBox and Column.Contains
How to load an xml document from an openxml file without saving the xml file on disk?
Linq: using StringComparer with GroupBy/Distinct in comprehension syntax
LINQ: IEnumerable<KeyValuePair<SomeType, IEnumerable<OtherType>>>  selection
EntitySet<IEnumerable<T>> to IEnumerable<T>
Linq, repository pattern and database abstraction problem
Is my IQueryable syntax correct?
Linq - Using Except() on a Generic collection
Return typed DataTable from Linq Query
How to get Max String Length in every Column of a Datatable
LINQ to XML when a node does not exist
When to use lambda expressions instead of a Where clause in LINQ
LINQ in ASP.NET -- only returns results when ran on localhost
Linq to XML performance - Standalone test vs Very large web application
Linq iterate a control collection
How can I get the distinct items of the following data structure in C# / LINQ?
Linq To Entities Generating Big Queries
Linq To XSD at runtime.
How can I add an extra item in this LINQ query?
Linq Not Retrieving Correct Items in a Big Table
LINQ to SQL entity column name attribute ignored with guid primary key
Sorting & Unique Records in Linq
How can I make a LINQ query with subqueries in the from statement?
Using Lamda with Dictionaries
Best Practice to renumber items in a list? SQL or C#/VB.NET
Searching if value exists in a list of objects using Linq
Why I can't use .CopyToDataTable in LINQ query?
The Microsoft.VisualStudio.Data.Interop.IVsDataProviderManager service could not be found.
LINQ-to-SQL and mass-changes submit very slow
Linq to SQL how to do "where [column] in (list of values)"
How to keep Entity Framework and database aligned
LINQ IEnumerable Where Not Finding Element
Difference between these? Linq to Sql, Linq, Typed Datasets, Ado.net
Using Linq Expressions to decouple client side from DAL (which is server side)
Linq Methods
C# Linq Group By issue, probably really easy!
LINQ to SQL: How To Extend An Entity Class With A Column Alias
linq subquery returning null
Linq to objects nested group-by
Linq Multiple Grouping
Handling CRUD Operations for a Linq to SQL View
LINQ and gorup by data nested within a structure
Simple LINQ query
Using LINQ with classes implementing non-generic ICollection
Extracting generic Linq queries
multiple grouping, inner joning in Linq
LINQ query question, needs joins
Why do i get a timeout issue on a linq query
LINQ - Select correct values from nested collection
linq - how combine conditions in a join statement
Linq, VB - Anonymous type cannot be converted to anonymous type.
How can I turn these LINQ joins into LEFT OUTER joins?
Why use AsQueryable() instead of List()
Linq (MIN && MAX)
Linq where in between IENumerable and List<>
How to display opening times?
Is there any performance difference between myCollection.Where(...).FirstOrDefault() and myCollection.FirstOrDefault(...)
Using Linq SubmitChanges without TimeStamp and StoredProcedures the same time
How to make a C# 'grep' more Functional using LINQ?
How do I make my own Linq Clauses?
where to find a small example/demo on how to create a LINQ Provider?
LINQ to SQL - nullable types in where clause
Lambda Expression of Select * from TableName
Help required to optimize LINQ query
Can I acheive this with linq instead of For Each?
Using LINQ to Get Sum of a List with custom objects
How to do an "in" query in entity framework?
Linq Newbie. Can I write this Linq query more concise?
Compiling a Delegate with Expression.Lambda() - Parameter Out Of Scope, but is it really?
How scope of variable defined/flows in MS SQL
Building up a LINQ query based on bools
Linq Join Question
Linq list of lists to single list
What do they mean when they say LINQ is composable?
LINQ to SQL and object lifetimes, references vs. values
Is there a quick way to say If notempty x = y else x = default in a Linq where query
Checking if Var from LINQ query is Null and returning values older than x
Memory performance of Linq to DataSets / Objects with large data sets
Can you reverse a string in one line with LINQ or a LAMBDA expression
Linq query with left join and group
Sql Query to Linq
Flag itersection of two lists using LINQ
How to do the following in LINQ
LINQ Orderby clause is causing weird results
Basic LINQ expression for an ItemCollection
Linq to update a collection with values from another collection?
Nested Linq Min() crashes Visual Studio
LINQ to XML - How to implement a simple XLink lookup - finding nodes anywhere
How to get top 3 elements in int array using LINQ?
Single linq query for complex data structure : Dict<int, Dict<str, _class>>
Is accessing rows with varbinary data via LINQ causing a timeout? How to fix?
only update 1 column with linq
LINQ to SQL: Concurrency resolution
Equivalent to LINQ to Events in Scala
LINQ JOIN in String Array
Linq join several arrays
LINQ Dynamic Expression API, predicate with DBNull.Value comparison
Will there be IQueryable-like additions to IObservable? (.NET Rx)
Hiding linq classes inside a namespace?
Strange Exception thrown using Dynamic Linq Entity Framework Query
How can i find XElement using linq
Check if a value is in a collection with Link
Do LINQ queries have a lot of overhead?
expression trees linq get value of a parameter ?
how do i get the min from a linq to dataset query
Linq Query on int using string
Linq to Sql - Set connection string dynamically based on environment variable
Need help with a linq query please!
Preserve order of values with linq and ToLookup()
Compare lists and get values with Linq
How to use Linq To Sql to count the idle working duration in a day?
Sql Server 2005 and Linq Transactions
Writing SQL function with XQuery Parameters
Select Multiple Fields from List in Linq
Can I execute a LINQ to SQL query from within a LINQ object?
SQL to Linq Conversion.
VS2008: Make a non-LINQed website LINQed
Linq to NHibernate vs. ICriteria
asp.net mvc add column to the database - how do i update the dbml file
Linq: What is the difference between Select and Where
How can I give alternative names to new objects created by LINQ?
Why would a Database developer use LINQ
Need lambda expression OrderBy with DateTime conversion
issue with submitChanges() inserting unwanted records in linq
nested xml with linq in repeater
LINQ to Entity Framwork: return sorted list of related rows
Is LINQ (or linq) a niche tool, or is it on the path to becoming foundational?
What is after LINQ?
What is LINQ to events a.k.a RX Framework?
Visual studio C# Linq bulk insert/update
Do I need to SubmitChanges after executing a stored procedure with Linq-To-Sql?
Automatically Compile Linq Queries
LINQ TO DataSet: Multiple group by on a data table
How to filter child collections in Linq.
sequenctial autogenerated Id with help of linq
LINQ - Select all children from an object hierarchy
Beginner LINQ to XML inline XML error
LINQ: find all checked checkboxes in a GridView
LINQ - writing a query with distinct and orderby
Using a single Func<T,bool> with Where() and inheritance
Mimicking SQL Insert Trigger with LINQ-to-SQL
Linq | Date | Subtraction with matching issue
Dynamic selects in LINQ
LinQ to XML query
Linq Expresion Tree
LINQ to SQL C# COALESCE
What is the most elegant way to implement a business rule relating to a child collection in LINQ?
How to get linq result as string array?
LINQ: Difference between 'Select c' and 'Select new (c...'
How do you transform a Linq query result to XML?
Create XML using Linq to XML and arrays
IQueryable efficiency
LINQ -Single operator
join between two tables with linq to datasets
Retrieving an image from database with Linq to SQL
Many-to-Many implementation in linq-to-sql
Linq Efficiency question - foreach vs aggregates
Group By Dates using Linq
Select Rows from a DataSet using LINQ, where the list of RowsID's are in a List<T>
LINQ distinct join query
Getting executable SQL from a LINQ query at run-time
databind a sharepoint list to a dropdown using linq
Advanced linq book?
LINQ Query to retrieve multiple levels of relational data
how to put linq to sql in a separate project?
How can I set LINQ SelectMany projection via Func parameter?
Add incremented property to IEnumerable by group using LINQ
LINQ, ASP.net mvc and joins
Count matching characters between two strings using LINQ
Handling null results with the Linq Avarage() method
Linq: GetElementAt() equivalent for retrieving multiple items?
Grouping by Time ranges in Linq
Linq2Entities / Linq2Sql - Comprehensive search...
Using LINQ to query a text file
LINQ with ATOM feeds
Adding index field to LINQ List <T> results using C#
Linq to filter directories
Output 2 Fields from Linq Group By
How do I build up LINQ dynamically
How to force Linq to update last edit time of a row?
Aggregate LINQ results
Linq to Sql Add Child records
Inner queries in LINQ
Manually select related table data when quering in LINQ to SQL
How do you declare a by-reference parameter variable for use in a Linq query?
Updating table with composite primary key using LINQ
Building which properties to select with LINQ To Object
Create Delete/Edit buttons for muliple records from linq using hidden value?
ALiasing fields in linq.
linq sql error : the text data type cannot be selected as distinct because it is not comparable.
LINQ OrderBy Name ThenBy ChildrenCollection.Name
How to write that special select query
Left outer Join with LINQ
LINQ many to many Left Join Grouping
Linq SaveChanges question
How to maintain LINQ deferred execution?
Selecting, Grouping on child list -> Single statement requested.
Linq remove elements from one collection into another collection
How to extract a meta tag from XML/HTML using Linq?
Does "LINQ to DQL" exist?
What is "Linq to SQL"?
Read a specific Element Value based on a specific Attribute in Linq?
What's the cleanest way to make a Linq object "dirty"?
find first element of certain type in a list uisng LINQ
LINQ and a natural sort order...
Joining tables in LINQ/SQL
Filtering collection with LINQ
C# Linq to VB.NET (not a From In Where ... query style)
Getting rows from a SQL table matching a dictionary using LINQ
Linq/XML: grouping results properly within XML element
Entity Framework - dynamic sql
Complex Expressions in a LINQ Where Clause
NHibernate.Linq And CompareTo String
Find next record in a set: LINQ
Linq/XML: grouping results properly within XML element - with inner joins!
why the sql query is different on that linq query when run on c# and on vb.net?
How to add custom columns to a table that LINQ to SQL can translate to SQL
How can I make sure that FirstOrDefault<KeyValuePair> has returned a value
how to write string for include for linq query?
