How do I fill a DataSet or a DataTable from a LINQ query resultset ?
How do you page a collection with LINQ?
Best Subversion clients for Windows Vista (64bit)
Best Practice: Collaborative Environment, Bin Directory, SVN
Visual Studio Setup Project - Per User Registry Settings
How do I most elegantly express left join with aggregate SQL as LINQ query
.Net XML comment into API Documentation
Modify Address Bar URL in AJAX App to Match Current State
Integrating Visual Studio Test Project with Cruise Control
What should a longtime Windows user know when starting to use Linux?
Folders or Projects in a Visual Studio Solution?
How do I create a branch in SVN?
Add Custom Tag to Visual Studio Validation
How do I turn on line numbers by default in TextWrangler on the Mac?
How to tab focus onto a dropdown field in Mac OSX
How to tab between buttons on an OSX dialog box
Progressive Enhancement
What is a good web-based Grid that accepts Excel clipboard data?
What is keyboard shortcut to view all open documents in Visual Studio 2008
How to generate getters and setters in Visual Studio?
"Plugin for Visual Studio to Mimic Eclipse's ""Open Type"" or ""Open Resource"" Keyboard Access"
Can ASP.NET AJAX partial rendering work inside a SharePoint 2007 application page?
What is the best way to deploy a VB.NET application?
what is your favorite web app deployment workflow with SVN?
Setup Visual Studio 2005 to print line numbers
Automated release script and Visual Studio Setup projects
How do I configure a Vista Ultimate (64bit) account so it can access a SMB share on OSX?
SVN merge merged extra stuff
Best SVN Client Ignore Pattern for VB.NET Solutions?
Experience with SVN vs. Team Foundation Server?
Version control PHP Web Project
Database Version Control
How to add CVS directories recursively
How can I fix the background of wikipedia pages as displayed in Google Chrome?
How to specify javascript to run when ModalPopupExtender is shown
IE6 + SSL + AJAX + post form  = 404 error (?)
Always Commit the same file with SVN
How do you deal with configuration files in source control?
Common Types of Subversion Hooks
VS 2008 - Objects disappearing?
Visual Studio and dual/multiple monitors: how do I get optimized use out of my monitors?
Very slow merge with Subversion 1.5
How can I improve the edit-compile-test loop when developing a SharePoint workflow?
User authentication on Resin webserver
How do I make Subversion (SVN) send email on checkins?
Beginners Guide to LINQ
How do I find the high water mark (for sessions) on Oracle 9i
URL Redirection for SSL virtual hosts
How do you redirect https to http
Shelve in TortoiseSVN?
Visual Studio refactoring: Remove method
Not showing Dialog when opening file in Acrobat Pro using Applescript
mod_rewrite to alias one file suffix type to another
Ajax project suggestion.
SharePoint - Connection String dialog box during FeatureActivated event
SharePoint WSS 3.0 Integration with Mac OSX (either Safari or Firefox)
Accessing iSight programatically?
Windows Mobile Device Emulator - how to save config permanently?
Scala abstract type bounds cross referencing
Using Parameters in MS Reporting Services (SQL 2008) against an ODBC data source
How do you deploy your SharePoint solutions?
Visual Studio 2008 Window layout annoyance
Where is TFS work item help text displayed?
Graphical representation of SVN branch/merge activity
Can I copy files to a Network Place from a script or the command line?
Oracle - What TNS Names file am I using?
Expression.Invoke in Entity Framework?
Refresh Excel VBA Function Results
Conditional Linq Queries
Sharepoint Wikis
Creating a development environment for SharePoint.
In Visual Studio you must be a member of Debug Users or Administrators to start debugging. What if you are but it doesn't work?
MaskedEditExtender
"Creating Visual Studio templates under the ""Windows"" catagory."
_wfopen equivalent under Mac OS X
Attaching VisualSVN Server to an existing repository
Oracle SQL Developer not responsive when trying to view tables (or suggest an Oracle Mac client)
Is there a tool that can display a SVN repository visually ( i.e. pretty charts )?
Is it safe to install SVN on a production win2008 web server?
SVN Manager App for Mac (better than XCode)
In Cocoa do I need to remove an Object from receiving KVO notifications when deallocating it?
Managed Source Control Hosting and Continuous Integration with CVSDude and CruiseControl.net
Class Designer in Visual Studio - is it worth it?
Starting MATLAB from the command line
LINQ vs stored procedures?
Do you use version control other than for source code?
Is it possible to disable command input in the toolbar search box?
Drawing a view hierachy into a specific content in Cocoa
"Visual Studio Error: The ""GenerateResource"" task failed unexpectedly."
How to get out parameters working in SharePoint workflows
Do you have any recommended macros for Microsoft Visual Studio?
Tool in Visual Studio 2008 for helping with Localization
Best way to deploy subversion in a multisite windows environment
Subversion Management Tools
Is it possible to coax Visual Studio 2008 into using italics for comments?
Use SVN instead of CVS on SourceForge
SSRS - Uninstall Trial Version of VS Business Intelligence
Migrating to GIT
Can I configure VisualStudio 2008 to always build the startup project?
What Visual Studio add-ins do you use?
Visual Studio color theme
Visual Studio open files question
Webserver Log Analysis
What's the best way to report errors from a SharePoint workflow?
How do you configure VS2008 to only open one webserver in a solution with multiple projects?
Error viewing csproj property pages in VisualStudio2005
.net solution subversion best practices?
AnkhSVN Cannot Connect Due to Proxy
How do I create a self signed SSL certificate to use while testing a web app.
Are there any tools to convert Markdown documents to HTML en masse?
How to install a plugin for QtWebKit
Are there reasons not to use JSONP for AJA~X requests?
What Content Management does your workplace use?
mod_rewrite rule to redirect all requests except for one specific path
Best way to encapsulate complex Oracle PL/SQL cursor logic as a view?
Why doesn't 'shell' work in VBscript in VS6?
What's the best way to manage a classic asp front-end using Visual Studio 2008?
Deploying InfoPath forms to different SharePoint servers
Script to backup svn repository to network share
Give me awesome Visual Studio keyboard short cuts!
How to Stop NTFS volume auto-mounting on OS X
Changing ctrl+tab behavior for moving between document in Visual Studio
How do I use Linq for paging a generic collection?
Mocking and IQueriable<T>
Source Control in Visual Studio Isolated Shell
Accessing Excel data source running SSIS package on 64 bit server
IntelliSenss for XElements object with XML schema
Transactional Design Pattern
Sharepoint COMException 0x81020037
"Getting error in manage categories - not found for attribute ""navigation_column"""
Virtual Mac?
How do I find the Excel column name that corresponds to a given integer?
Resources for an Oracle beginner
Best way to license Microsoft software as a very small developer
Tips for running Subversion in a Windows world
Height of NSTextView with one line?
Installing Apache Web Server on 64 Bit Mac
Develop on local Oracle instance
Upgrading Sharepoint 3.0 to SQL 2005 Backend?
Bash One Liner: copy template_*.txt to foo_*.txt?
Modifying SharePoint System Files
How do I REALLY reset the Visual Studio window layout?
Getting QMake to generate a proper .app
NHibernate vs LINQ
Alternating coloring groups of rows in Excel
ASP.NET JavaScript Callbacks Without Full PostBacks?
"How to ""unversion"" a file in either svn and/or git"
Flex tools for Mac
Are Http-Only cookies a viable option for an AJAX website?
How to get rid of VSMacros80 folder from project root?
Bash reg-exp substitution
Any pitfalls developing C#/.NET code in a Virtual Machine running on a MAC?
Why do my exception stack traces always point to the last method line?
SharePoint SPContext.List in a custom application page
Getting ssh to execute a command in the background on target machine
What is the more efficient version control methodology - checkout or merge (ie Perforce vs Subversion)
What is the best way to package and distribute an Excel application.
Problems while submitting a UTF-8 form textarea with JQuery/AJAX
Dynamically display Edit Control Block menu item in SharePoint
programmatically retrieve Visual Studio install directory
Display solution/file path in Visual Studio IDE
Apache Webservers
Is there a Way to use Linq to Oralce
Is there a pattern using Linq to dynamically create a filter?
Forcing the Solution Explorer to select the file in the editor in visual studio 2005
How do I check the active solution configuration Visual Studio built with at runtime?
Upload a file to SharePoint through the built-in web services
How do I list all Entries with a certain tag in Wordpress?
Linq select * with multiple tables
Visual Studio identical token highlighting
Any disadvantages of accessing Subversion repositories through file:/// for a solo developer?
"Is there a way to do ""intraWord"" text navigation in VS?"
generation of designer file failed
"How to remove ""VsDebuggerCausalityData"" data from SOAP message?"
Building a VS2010 project consumes extra resources
NSEnumerator performance vs for loop in Cocoa
what is the best way to backup subversion repositories?
Best way to export a QTMovie with a fade-in and fade-out in the audio
When to commit changes?
Integrating a custom gui framework with the VS designer
Getting files and their version numbers from sharepoint
"Visual Studio Hosting Process and ""The operation could not be completed"""
Looking up document library items in a SharePoint workflow
Subversion: Fail update when there are conflicts?
Change templates in XCode
Is Scala the next big thing?
Wordpress Wiki Integration
How do I delete 1 file from a revision in SVN?
How can I find the revision history of the file that was deleted and then resubmitted to SVN?
What Code Snippet Editor Do You Use?
Visual Studio: Build Solution vs Batch Build
Is it possible to persist (without reloading) AJAX page state across BACK button clicks?
Excel: list ranges targeted by INDIRECT formulas
How do I get the assembler output from a C file in VS2005
"Subversion ignoring ""--password"" and ""--username"" options"
SharePoint List Scalability
Best Way to ReUse Code When Using Visual Studio?
Optimizing Sharepoint Search Crawling
Retrieving HTTP status code from loaded iframe with Javascript
nmake, visualstudio, and .mak files
How can I point Visual Studio 2008 to a new path for projects?
How do I make bash reverse-search work in Terminal.app without it displaying garbled output?
Do you continue development in a branch or in the trunk?
Begining SVN
How do I autorun an application in a terminal in Ubuntu?
Rollbacking bad changes with svn in Eclipse
What are the alternatives to using phpMyAdmin?
Table Stats gathering for Oracle
Intergrating Perl and Oracle AQ
Oracle Server performance monitoring tools
Is there any way to sticky a file in subversion
designing Panels without a parent Form in VS?
What's a good way to write a Cocoa front-end to an Erlang application?
Is it possible to convert projects wizard created for MSVS 2005 to MSVS 2008 format autom
Simple audio input API on a Mac?
Filter linq list on property value
Issue in Oracle Sql Query
Best way to handle LOBs in Oracle dblink'ed tables
What is a good maintainability index using Visual Studio 2008 code analysis?
Parallelize Bash Script
Error Code Reference for OSX/Cocoa
Combining Structures
Can you modify text files when committing to subversion?
Visual Studio equivalent to Delphi bookmarks
Is it possible to run OSX in a virtual machine?
How to add a web part zone in SharePoint using SharePoint Designer
Visual Studio 2005/2008: How to keep first curly brace on same line?
Good Way to Debug Visual Studio Designer Errors
Visual Studio 2005/2008: How can you share/force all developers to use the same formatting rulles?
How to run gpg from a script run by cron?
How to use the SharePoint MultipleLookupField control?
How are tags made in Subversion?
Getting Apache to modify modify static webpages on the fly
How to make a pipe loop in bash
"Autocomplete Dropdown with Linkbuttons - or ""AJAX gone wild"""
How to get an array of distinct property values from in memory lists?
Insert current date in Excel template at creation
Should you register new extensions with Apple?
Custom Build Numbering in Visual Studio
Testing HTTPS files with MAMP
Apache serving files that should not be served.
Working on a Visual Studio Project with multiple users?
How do I download code using SVN/Tortoise from Google Code?
Microsoft T-SQL to Oracle PL/SQL translation
How can I make Eclipse file search not include svn directories?
How to display line breaks in SharePoint comment history field
Managing LINQ to SQL .dbml model complexity
What does the EXE do in the Visual Studio setup project output
Simulated OLAP
Scripting the Visual Studio IDE
How to use p4merge as the merge/diff tool for Mercurial?
Worth switching to zsh for casual use?
Kerberos user authentication in Apache
How sophisticated should be my Ajax code?
Why is Visual Studio 2005 so slow?
MS Access Reporting - can it be pretty?
Oracle equivalent to MSSQL DateDiff
PLS-00306 error on call to cursor
How SID is different from Service name in Oracle tnsnames.ora
Resources for building a Visual Studio plug-in?
Best way to rotate Apache log files
Which Oracle version supports cube and rollup?
"Best Language for an AJAX-driven ""Reputation Index"""
How do I get the Click Once Publish version to match the AssemblyInfo.cs File Version.
How do I simultaneously work on version 1.1 and version 2.0?
.NET Development on a Mac Tips
"Eclipse ""Share Project"" by hand?"
How do I read/write Person metadata from a Word doc stored in SharePoint using VBA or VSTO?
How to find the current name of the test being executing?
How do you make an etag that matches Apache?
How do you retrieve the commit message and file list for a particular revision?
How do I force unix (LF) line endings in Visual Stuido (Express) 2008?
Is it possible to forward ssh requests that come in over a certain port to another machine?
Change default author in local svn repo
Common Files in Visual Studio Solution
Visual Studio Add-in not going away
How can I extract a part of an xaml object graph via linq to xml?
apache mod_proxy error os10060 and returning 503?
Customize the Sharepoint add list column page
Opening a non-standard URL in a Cocoa app
Tips and tricks for working with Microsoft Visual Studio solutions and project
Tools for matching name/address data
How do you move a file in SVN?
What are the names given to these 2 LINQ expressions
Mapping collections with LINQ
Can Visual Studio put timestamps in the build log?
Information Management Policy in SharePoint
Phantom directories in an SVN repository
Is there a good Fogbugz client for Mac OS X?
Cannot change DataType of a column once it has data error in Visual Studio 2005 DataSet Designer
How would you migrate hundreds of MS Access databases to a central service?
How to get the most of out laptop batteries
Is there any good oracle podcasts
SQL Compare-Like tool for Oracle?
What is the shortcut key for Run to cursor
What are some good LINQ resouces?
SharePoint Infrastructure Upgrade - whoops
"How to disable Visual Studio macro ""tip"" balloon?"
Choosing a desktop database
Citrix Server sort of app - on a Mac?
Boolean Expressions in Shell Scripts
Fundeps and GADTs: When is type checking decidable?
Best SVN Tools
How do I write a for loop in bash
Sharepoint scheduling with SSRS issue.
Querying collections of value type in the Criteria API in Hibernate
Problem with Oracle Application Server SSL Certificates
How do you parse a filename in bash?
When to create Interface Builder plug-in for custom view?
"What's the state of play with ""Visual Inheritance"""
Apache rewrite based on subdomain
Reverse engineer (oracle) schema to ERD
Using a wiki as a central development project repository
colored build output in Visual Studio
Best tools for code reviews
Count a list of cells with the same background color
Optimizing a LINQ query.
Why the option to use attributes in new ATL projects was removed from Visual Studio 2008?
Better Merge Tool for Subversion
Wordpress Category Template Question
linq - how do you do a query for items in one query source that are not in another one?
"Visual Studio 2008 ""randomly"" hangs on test run"
Wordpress Term exist not having desired effect
Drupal / Rules: flagging multiple terms on user save
Excel VBA : Get hwnd value of a CommandButton
Visual Studio 2005 crashes on start-up
What version of TinyMCE will work in Drupal 5 with google chrome?
What is the simplest way to write web apps in Haskell?
Modifying a spreadsheet using a VB macro
How do I stop visual studio from automatically inserting asterisk during a block comment?
Can a STP template be hidden from subsite creation page?
How would you set up an Subversion repository for in house software projects
"Access to restricted URI denied"" code: ""1012"
How do you treat legacy code (and data)?
Mail Message Link Handling
Can MS Visual Studio compile projects using 2 or 4 cores on CPU?
Using Makefile instead of Solution/Project files under Visual Studio (2005)
Continuous Integration
How do I create a status dialog box in Excel
What is the best subversion client for Linux?
Does anyone know the shortcut to open a file within your solution
What are the (technical) pros and cons of Flash vs AJAX/JS?
Tablet PC SDK (1.7) Merge Module + VS2008 + Windows Vista?
How to validate an XML file against a schema using Visual Studio 2005
Ignore SVN ignore... possible?
Mirroring perforce with SVK?
How do you keep the machine awake?
How could I get my SVN-only host to pull from a git repository?
Best way to draw text with OpenGL and Cocoa?
Getting hibernate to log clob parameters
NMBLookup OS X returning inconsistant results
Creating MP4/M4A files with Chapter marks
Hiding data points in Excel line charts
Why can't Visual Studio run on more than one core?  CPU at 25%
Tool to view the contents of the Solution User Options file (.suo)
AJAX XMLHttpRequest object limt
Any tools to get code churn metrics for a Subversion repository?
Apache Download: Make sure that page was viewed before download
Unfiltering NSPasteboard
Rehsarper 4.0 - Renaming a class does not rename the file
Find checkout history for SVN working folder
How can I kill all sessions connecting to my oracle database?
Whats the best approach when migrating legacy projects across versions of visual studio?
"Can you ""ignore"" a file in Perforce?"
Very slow compile times on Visual Studio
SharePoint Permissions
Bash script to pack file names
Visual studio automation: Enumerate opened windows upon solution loading.
Prevent file casing problems in Subversion
Subversion merge history visualisation
Sending messages to objects while debugging Objective-C in gdb, without symbols.
Recovering from a slightly out of date subversion repository backup
"Using an external ""windows""-keyboard under Mac OS X"
Double Quotes in Oracle Column Aliases
Validation framework for business app built on Spring 2.5
Cocoa Won't Capture Shift Modifier?
How do I sync between VSS and SVN
I don't get the concept of Visual Studio Projects and Solutions.
Ajax and a restricted uri
Sample code for using macbook camera in a program?
Perforce blame
Recommendation on Tools to migrate from Clearcase to SVN?
Opensourcing a starter web application
"How to ""Add Existing Item"" an entire directory structure in Visual Studio"
SQL/Oracle: when indexes on multiple columns can be used
Top ten ordering in Excel based on complex team rules
Something special about Safari for Windows and AJAX?
MacBook vs MacBook Pro for .NET development and other stuff
Using the result of a command as an argument in bash?
Compiling code on an external drive
Mac font rendering on Windows
SSIS Oracle Parameter Mapping
What tool do you use for counting lines of source code in Visual Studio Projects ?
Retrieving the associated shared service provider's name?
"Is there a keyboard shortcut for ""Build Page"" in Visual Studio 2005?"
How to permanently remove a breakpoint in Visual Studio 2005 /2008 (ASP.NET, C#)
How do I save each sheet in an Excel workbook to seperate CSV files with a macro?
maxElementsOnDisk from EHCache to TreeCache
Wrap an Oracle schema update in a transaction
Best way to migrate from VSS to Subversion?
Write Text to a QTextEdit Box From a C Function
Free Online SVN repositories
bug in linq Contains statement - is there a fix or workaround?
Can a Bash script tell what directory it's in?
Why won't my local Apache open html pages?
AJAX Library Strategies
How to setup a Subversion (SVN) server on GNU/Linux - Ubuntu
Advanced directory switching in bash
Changing the font in Aquamacs?
SVN plugins for Eclipse - Subclipse vs. Subversive
Qt+Mac: serial port doesn't answer on commands
Beautifying an OS X disk image
Sum of items in a collection
Using svn for general purpose backup
Howto import an oracle dump in an different tablespace
How do I use a pipe in the exec parameter for a find command?
Dealing with SVN keyword expansion with git-svn
How to convert Apache .htaccess files into Lighttpd rules?
How do I move tags in Subversion
How to prevent IE6 from refetching already-fetched images added via DOM manipulation
Accessing a bean with a dot(.) in its ID
SVN externals sub folder changes not showing in view log (tortoise svn)
How do you extend Linq to SQL?
Easy way to create a form to email in SharePoint without using infopath.
What makes Drupal better/different from Joomla
What kind of CAL do I need for Sharepoint?
Joomla Blog/Wordpress Integration
"NSMatrix in ScrollView; origin settings are locked. Why?"
Using Apache mod_rewrite to remove sub-directories from URL
Visual Studio Extensibility: Adding existing folders to a project
Function Overloading in Excel VBA
Disk Activity in Applescript
Why is my cocoa program getting EXC_BAD_ACCESS during startup?
exposition on arrows
How can I speed up SVN updates?
Using network services when disconnected in Mac OS X
.NET 3.5 Linq Datasource and Joins
Setting movie metadata with QTKit
Installing Svn 1.5.x on Debian Etch - Best approach?
Custom style with Qt
Updates to Wordpress theme template/stylesheet are not reflected when a file is edited
Is it safe to manipulate objects that i created outside my thread if i don't explicitly access them on the thread which created them?
Releasing under license: Do all files need the copyright statment?
How do you prevent printing dialog when using Excel PrintOut method
Why isn't there a Team Foundation Server Express Edition?
Good ways to Learn Cocoa?
What are some of your favorite little known command-line tricks using Bash?
How to merge from branch to branch and back again (bidirectional merging) in SVN?
What are my IDE/Editor choices for Haskell?
How do you stop a Visual Studio generated web service proxy class from encoding?
Dynamically hiding columns in a NSTableView
"How can I stop Visual Studio (both 2005 and 2008) from crashing (sometimes) when I select the ""Close All But This"" option?"
Errors creating WebPart subclass in another assembly
Opinion of Hosted SVN providers?
In Applescript, how can I get to the Help menu Search field, like Spotlight?
How do I keep Resharper Files out of SVN?
SVN and renaming the server it's running on
stringstream manipulators & vstudio 2003
Visual Studio 2005 - 'Updating IntelliSense' hang-up
Visual Studio 2005 ERROR: An error occurred generating a bootstrapper: Invalid syntax.
How do you configure the Apache server which ships Mac OS X?
Remove VSMacros80 directory
How to get t4 files to build in visual studio?
What are your most important console aliases?
How can I find last row that contains data in the excel sheet with a macro?
How to create project specific respository post-commit actions
Stored Procedures in MS-SQL Server 2005 and Oracle
Migrating to Team System from SVN & Cruise Control.NET and back
Grabbing every 4th file
Delete all but the 4 newest directories
Sharepoint best practices
ORA-00933: SQL command not properly ended
Getting ASN.1 Issuer strings from PEM files?
Should I add the Visual Studio .suo and .user files to source control
Auto number column in SharePoint list
SharePoint Content Query Web Part
What is the best way to process all versions of MS Excel spreadsheets with php on a non-Windows machine.
Qt or Delphi... If you were to choose one over the other?
"[VS] How do I add Debug Breakpoints to lines displayed in a ""Find Results"" window"
How to tell if .net code is being run by Visual Studio designer
What is the dual table in Oracle?
How to iterate through all the cells in Excel VBA or VSTO 2005
How do I tell Subversion to treat a file as a binary file?
Disabling copy of empty text in Visual Studio
What is the difference between Explicit and inplicit cursors in Oracle?
Is it possible to use analyic functions in Hibernate?
I'm looking to use Visual Studio to write and compile using the open source version of Qt4.
TFS annotate/blame summary report for a project
VisualSVN wants a username and password
How to make clipboard ring appear in VS2008 toolbox?
How do I store the window size between sessions in Qt?
How do I compile mod_dontdothat on Windows
How can I create a command line (unix/linux) instruction that uses variables to execute numerous commands?
How can I pre-compress files with mod_deflate in Apache 2.x?
Better terminal in Mac OS X -- reversing the control and command key-mappings
Best way to do Visual Studio post build deployment in a team environment?
"Sharepoint: Best way to display lists of non-Sharepoint content with ""compatible"" UI?"
partial commits with subversion
x86 Remote Debugger Service on x64
Drupal 6: How to quickly theme a view ?
Visual Studio keeps adding blank lines
Esc and Enter keys in Cocoa dialog
Executing different set of MSBuild tasks for each user?
How to iterate over all the page breaks in an Excel 2003 worksheet via COM
Any good PowerShell MSBuild tasks?
$$ in Bash.
Is it stupid to write a large batch processing program entirely in PL/SQL?
How do I enable Platform Builder mode in VS2008
What is the best way to log out another user from their session on Mac OS X Leopard?
How do you know what a good index is?
"Visual Studio 2005: Please stop opening my CS files in ""Design Mode""!"
What's the best way to export bug tracking data from hosted HP Quality Center?
mspdbsrv.exe living forever?
What was the name of the Mac (68000) assembler?
Visual Studio opens default browser instead of IE
How do I preview a url using ajax?
Visual Studio: How to trigger an alarm when a breakpoint is hit?
Nuking huge file in svn repository
"In Visual Studio 2008, how can I make control+click do a ""Go To Definition""?"
What is the Bash command to create a hardlink to a directory in OS X?
Lighttpd and WebDAV for serving a Subversion repo
How can I block mp3 crawlers from my website under Apache?
How to setup access control in SVN?
"How can I hide/delete the ""?"" help button on the ""title bar"" of a QT Dialog?"
.htaccess mod rewrite 301-redirect
Displaying build times in Visual Studio?
How do you customize the RSS feeds in SharePoint
How do I use calculated value date in Sharepoint lists field to find a date+30 days?
Is it worth the effort to move from a hand crafted hibernate mapping file to annotaions?
How do I use the same field type in multiple lists on SharePoint?
Placing Share Documents subfolder as a webpart in SharePoint
Can you use Microsoft Entity Framework with Oracle?
How do you clear your MRU list in Visual Studio?
How do I reference a diagram in a DSL T4 template?
What are the best methods to ensure our SharePoint implementation is accessible?
What files are you allowed to modify in SharePoint 2007?
How to automatically remove trailing whitespace in Visual Studio 2008?
What's the best/fastest/easiest way to collapse all projects in Visual Studio?
ORA-03113: end-of-file on communication channel after long inactivity in ASP.Net app
Looking for an alternative matlab editor.
How do I find the definition of a system-named constraint in Oracle?
How can I create and develop new database projects in Visual Studio?
How do I change the IP address on Oracle 10g
ReSharper sluggishness
Finding errors / warnings in Visual Studio
Uninstall Sharepoint Infrastructure Update
Vertical line after a certain amount characters in Visual Studio
Using Visual Studio's 'cl' from a normal command line
How can I avoid ta warning fom an unused parameter in PLSQ?
How do you authenticate against an Active Directory server using Spring Security?
Excel 2007 pivot tables - how to use calculated fields when connecting to a data cube?
How to accept REF cursor in JAVA without importing Oracle Package
How do you disable a SharePoint webpart temporarily?
Visual Studio Intellisense, c#, no code behind.
Array Formulas in Conditional Formatting of Excel XML Spreadsheet files?
Oracle ORDImage processing in PL/SQL: Getting IMG-00710 and ORA-01031
How do I enable more than 8-bit colors in Terminal.app?
Customizing Search Results Display in Sharepoint Services 3.0 Wiki
Best general SVN Ignore Pattern?
Sharepoint Item Level Access & performance
Adding a SVN repository in Eclipse
"What does the option ""convert to web application"" do if I select it in visual studio?"
Dropping a connected user from an Oracle 10g database schema
Sending Excel to user through ASP.NET
Determine if a function exists in bash
How to Autogenerate multiple getters/setters or accessors in Visual Studio
How do I make a Microsoft Word document read only within a SharePoint document library?
LINQ to SQL in Visual Studio 2005
Best way to learn Visual Studio power features
"Creating a workflow task generates an ""Invalid field name"" error"
"What is ""missing"" in the Visual Studio Express Editions?"
TimeStamp in Control File
Debugging LINQ to SQL SubmitChanges()
Is the syntax for the Wordpress style.css template element available anywhere?
"Oracle connection problem on Mac OSX: ""Status : Failure -Test failed: Io exception: The Network Adapter could not establish the connection"""
Resharper and ViEmu Keybindings  ( and Visual Assist )
Virtual network interface in Mac OS X
Excel column names
What is your preferred method for moving directory structures around in Subversion?
Programmatically stream audio in Cocoa on the Mac
SVN checkout question
Control which columns become primary keys with Microsoft Access ODBC link to Oracle
endian-ness of new macs - are all pc platforms the same now?
How can you overcome the svn 'out of date' error?
Beginner question about XCode 3.1.1 and static libraries
Make apache automatically strip off the www.?
How to get Intellisense on error-marked code in Visual Studio 2005?
"How to do a ""where in values"" in LINQ-to-Entities"
Can regex capture and substitution be used with an Apache DirectoryMatch directive?
How do you include a JavaScript file from within a SharePoint WebPart?
what's the best app to draw wireframes on the mac? (And why)
CPAN/gem-like repository for Objective-C and Cocoa?
Microsoft Sharepoint
Apache gives me 403 Access Forbidden when DocumentRoot points to two different drives
Is there a tool to convert a .vim colour definition file to use in VS.NET 2008
How do I get my Visual Studio Test Suite web test to iterate over my data source
Can you reliably set or delete a cookie during the server side processing of an Ajax (XHR) call?
In a bash script, how do I sanitize user input?
How to create or replace a procedure in Oracle from JBDC?
Matlab Maximum Function Count Exceeded
How do you connect to a MySQL database using Oracle SQL Developer?
Exit Shell Script Based on Process Exit Code
SharePoint Event when Permissions of ListItems have been changed ?
Excel Macro Language
Advantages of VS 2008 over VS 2005
Can Visual Studio 2008 work with Team System 2005?
Order SharePoint search results by more columns
Greedy <Delete> and <Backspace> in Visual Studio
What would be the best place to start learning AJAX (I have Perl as a backend)
How do I use a list from a different site in SharePoint 3.0?
Can I serve a ClickOnce application with Apache?
OSX Security Framework NameAndPassword sample application
What is the difference between Views and Materialized Views in Oracle?
Moving from VSS to SVN
Number of Classes in a Visual Studio Solution
Inconsistent display behavior for Quick Launch menu in MOSS 2007
Why does StatSVN fail, claiming the directory is not a working copy?
How to switch back to a previous version of a file without deleting its subsequent revisions?
learning drupal fast track: how to create a stackoverflow clone?
How can I automate the process of deploying an InfoPath Form to SharePoint Server 2007?
What is your favorite Resharper/Visual Studio shortcut?
How Can You Generate a Makefile from an XCode Project?
"Subversion Error: ""Working copy [directory] not locked"""
How to determine the Schemas inside an Oracle Data Pump Export file.
Generating a list of dependencies in Matlab
Can I create a Visual Studio macro to launch a specific project in the debugger?
Visual Studio: Detecting unneeded Assemblies
How can I retore svn control if the .svn folder has been damaged
Arial Font doesn't display properly in Mac
Any suggestions for effectively testing AJAX enabled web pages using MSVS Tester Edition Tools?
Why is Visual Studio constantly crashing?!
What's the name of Visual Studio Import UI Widget (picture inside)
What is the best way to encrypt a clob?
Keyboard shortcut to close all tabs but current one in Visual Studio?
Visual Studio 2005 says I don't have permission to debug?
How to put up an off-the-shelf https to http gateway?
Automated Apache Server Maintenance Page
Focus-follows-mouse (plus auto-raise) in Mac OSX.
What is the optimal VSTF source structure? Are there any best practices?
Restrict Apache to only allow access using SSL for some directories
Favorite Visual Studio keyboard shortcuts
Combo Box Item comparison and compiler warnings
What is the most common feature that demands the use of Visual Studio Professional over Standard?
How do I change the colors displayed in cygwin rxvt?
How do I fix this Subversion MKCOL error?
Does Ajax detoriates performance?
Best way to run unit tests after each commit ? - svn - branch per feature
How important do you think Progressive Enhancement is?
How can I create a directory listing of a subversion repository.
Visual Studio color settings for better eye
What is a good GUI text editor for the Mac?
Mashups and SharePoint
Hidden Features of Visual Studio (2005-2008)?
How do I set specific environment variables when debugging in Visual Studio?
"How do I undo ""svn switch"" on a subdirectory?"
Spawning an interactive telnet session from a shell script
spring & web service client - Fault Detail
How do I go about using Microsoft Access (2003/2007) to interface with an Oracle (10g) DB to produce reports?
MOSS 2007 Crawl
Programmatically exclude page items in olap pivot
Finding per-process bandwidth usage on the mac?
Setting the 'audience' in a SharePoint-NavigationNode ?
Multiple Monitors with Visual Studio 2008
Check if application was started from within Visual Studio
Is Oracle RDBMS more stable, secure, robust, etc. than MySQL RDBMS?
Missing label on Drupal 5 CCK single on/off checkbox
How do I escape the wildcard/asterisk character in bash?
Synchronize SourceSafe with SVN
What's the best way to create a drop-down list in a Windows application using Visual Basic?
Which would you rather use: VisualSVN or AnkhSVN?
Including eval / bind values in OnClientClick code
What are some good usability Addins for Visual Studio 2008?
Subversion Branch Reintegration
Is there a means to produce a changelog in SVN
Explain Plan Cost vs Execution Time
Table and List view with single Model in Qt
How is AJAX implemented, and how does it help web dev?
Where to start with source-control
In bash, environmental variables not tab-expanding correctly
Oracle Natural Joins and Count(1)
How can you have SharePoint Link Lists default to opening in a new window?
Is there a list of AJAX JSF Libraries available?
Can FxCop/StyleCop be limited to only analyze selected methods from with Visual Studio?
ReportViewer displaying black background in Print Layout mode
Favorite Bash Prompt
Real-time history export amongst bash terminal windows
How do I run another web site or web service side by side with Sharepoint?
Apache module FORM handling in C
Direct Path Load of TimeStamp Data With SQL*LDR
Sharing binary folders in Visual Studio
What is the best way to inspect STL containers in Visual Studio debugging?
ORM tools for Haskell
Need a mod_rewrite thingy
Bash prompt in OS X terminal broken
Compartment items not displayed in DSL diagram
XAMPP and WAMP in the LAMP, whats the best ?
Best practictes for configuring Apache / Tomcat
perl JOIN-like behavior in Oracle?
"Running an MVC application through IIS results in ""Directory listing denied"""
Can I pass an arbitrary block of commands to a bash function?
How do I get the value of the jdbc.batch_size property at runtime for a Web application using Spring MVC and Hibernate?
Which SharePoint 2007 features are not available to Office 2003 users?
SQLPlus settings to generate tab-separated data file
What is your favorite Visual Studio add-in/setting.
Is it possible to detect 32 bit vs 64 bit in a bash script?
Is it safe to use the Administrator Tasks in Central Administration?
Is there a reference for the SharePoint XSLT extension functions?
Code review addin for Visual Studio
Is QuickSilver dead?
What is the optimal way to organize shared .net assemblies in SVN?
How Can I Remove .DS_Store Files From A Git Repository?
"How to create a zip file in the same format as the Finder's ""Compress"" menu item?"
MOSS 2007: BDC permisson problem - no BDC application is listed in the web part's configuration menu
Disabling single line copy in Visual Studio
Apache and IIS side by side (both listening on port 80) on windows2003
Sharepoint calculated field's formula for created by
What is the reasoning behind the recommended layout for Subversion repositories?
How to access the current Subversion build number?
LINQ to entities - Building where clauses to test within a many to many relationship.
Are there any an OS X equivalent to `hcitool`?
How do you integrate a TDD approach with VisualStudio?
Information Not Found page in Visual Studio 2008, VB.NET Express Edition
Visual Studio Solutions / Multiple project : How to effectively propagate project properties amongst several projects
Best way to remove from NSMutableArray while iterating?
Using Visual Studio 2008 to Assemble, Link, Debug, and Execute MASM 6.11 Assembly Code
How can I dynamically create a selector at runtime with Objective-C?
What MySQL client application would you recommend for Mac OS X?
Accessing URL parameters in Oracle Forms / OC4J
Displaying the current authenticated Sharepoint user from an asp.net Page Viewer Web Part
QT: meaning of slot return value?
How can you change the Visual Studio IDE profile?
How can I test for an expected exception with a specific exception message in Visual Studio Test?
"How do I add  a ""last"" class on the last <li> within a Views-generated list?"
Svn ignore versioned on update
"What does ""Optimize Code"" option really do in Visual Studio?"
Dynamic LINQ and Dynamic Lambda expressions?
How do I read/write as the authenticated user with WebDAV?
how do i determine the number of rows in a range in excel using VBA
How do I access (listen for) the multimedia keys (play/pause) in Mac OS X?
Mac toolbar via WINE / Crossover
Is there a way to install gcc in OSX without installing Xcode?
How to pass an array parameter in TOAD
How can I trigger Core Animation on an animator proxy during a call to resizeSubviewsWithOldSize?
How to disable a programmatical breakpoint / assert?
error when switching to different svn branch
How can I customize the syntax highlighting in Visual Studio 2005?
How do I convince my team to drop sourcesafe and move to SVN?
Duplicate Oracle DES encrypting in Java
ASP.NET Framework effects of moving from 2.0 to 3.5?
How do you handle code promotion in a Sharepoint environment?
SVN Client integrated with OS X's Finder
Opening more than one of the same Mac Application at once.
Javascript to extract author/date from SVN keyword substitution
SharePoint Security
Visual Studio: How to break on handled exceptions?
What happens to my app when my Mac goes to sleep?
Manually inserting data in a table(s) with primary key populated with sequence
sharepoint 2007 - custom content type - filtered lookup column
How do I branch an individual file in SVN?
Getting started using Linq, what do I need?
SVN Versioning
How can I best create a SharePoint list view that shows only root folder contents?
Joining other tables in oracle tree queries
apache mod_rewrite one rule for any number of possibilities
How can I publish a subversion repository to a local IIS?
How do I use SCM with a PHP app such as Wordpress?
Ajax JSON Not Returning
User Interface for creating Oracle SQL Loader control file
Why is my Drupal site logging out users when a Javascript function is called?
Set up Apache for local development/testing?
How can I change Drupal's default menu strings without hacking the core files or using the String Override plugin?
What are some decent ways to prevent users from creating meeting workspaces?
How to count rows in Lift (Scala's web framework)
What should I do with the vendor directory with respect to subversion?
Simple Query of MS SQL 2005 DB from SharePoint, using SSPI authentication?
ssl_error_rx_record_too_long and Apache SSL
Source code control policy
What's a good book for learning Ajax?
How to compare files with same names in two different directories using a shell script
Subversion Berkeley DB broken, recovery failed.
How to export fonts and colors from VS2008 to VS2005?
Good book for learning Sharepoint development
Multiple Session Factories under Spring/Hibernate
How do you deploy your common SharePoint library
How to work around the [1] IE bug while saving an excel file from a Web server ?
Optimising a SELECT query that runs slow on Oracle which runs quickly on SQL Server
Expose VSTO functionality to VBA w/o local admin
Case-insensitive search using Hibernate
Will Subclipse 1.4.4 work with Subversion 1.3.2
Getting started with AJAX with ASP.NET 3.5, what do I need on the server.
How to check if a trigger is invalid?
Running away from SharePoint
Determine if a directory is a bundle or package in the Mac OS X terminal?
Does SPSecurity.RunWithElevatedPrivileges do anything in a console app?
Inner join vs Where
How to tell if an Excel Workbook is protected
Sharepoint WebPart with AjaxToolkit's Accordion control
How do I write this in Ruby/Python? Or, can you translate my LINQ to Ruby/Python?
Apache Mod-Rewrite Primers?
Checkout one file from subversion
System.Data.OracleClient: How can I mock/fake/stub OracleException?
"VS2005 ""Add New Item..."" dialog - default item"
WSS 3.0: change parent type for a content type.
Is there anyway to remove Design (and Split) views from Visual Studio 2005/2008?
Explain Plan for Query in a Stored Procedure
How do I display the full content of LOB column in Oracle SQL*Plus?
Capture console output for debugging in VS?
MSExcel 2002 calling Web Services.
Using PL/SQL how do you I get a file's contents in to a blob?
Do you use the branches/tags/trunk convention?
"Any way to do Visual Studio ""project only"" build from command line?"
Visual Studio Freezing/TFS Window Might be off screen
"What causes ""Invalid advise flags"" run-time error in Excel VBA?"
Bash variable scope
"Removing the ""Categories"" field from an Issue Tracking list in SharePoint"
Have you integrated Mantis and Subversion?
Learning how to use Subversion
LINQ to XML Newbie Question
Sending SVN commits to an RSS feed
Any quirks I should be aware of in Drupal's XML-RPC and BlogAPI implementations?
How do I remove file suffix and path portion of a path string in Bash?
How to protect cells in Excel but allow these to be modified by VBA script
How to make SVN only update files but not add new ones.
Password hash function for Excel VBA
How to define / configure priority for multiple aspects using Spring AOP (or AspectJ)
Sharepoint document library source
Visual Studio Context Menu Shortcut
Setting a Sharepoint Site Theme through a Web Service?
Has anyone been able to get SharePoint using NTLM working with SQUID as a reverse proxy?
subversion cherry picking
Oracle Coherence: Is it stable?
Oracle Datadiff
How to avoid storing credentials to connect to Oracle with JDBC?
Qt Jambi: QAbstractListModel not displaying in QListView
LINQ to XML Newbie Question: Returning More Than One Result
gss_acquire_cred returning Key table entry not found error
How do I reorder the fields/columns in a view?
How do I enable applets on Mac Firefox 3.0.1?
Trouble installing Maatkit on Mac OS X
Sync File Modification Time Across Multiple Directories
SVN performance after many revisions
What can you do with SharePoint on Intranet?
Where can you find the C# Language Specifications?
How do I bind an ASP.net ajax AccordionPane to an XMLDatasource?
How to add Announcement list/webpart to Publishing Portal
SVN Working Copy xxx locked and cleanup failed
Make OSX application respond to first mouse click when not focused
Embedding non-edit widgets in a DataGridView
How to define persistent variable in SQL*PLUS
LINQ: custom column names
Count number of occurences of token in a file
Is there any way to have the JBoss connection pool reconnect to Oracle when connections go bad?
How to use system environment variables in VS 2008 Post-Build events?
How to setup non-admin development in Visual Studio 2005 and 2003
setPrimitiveValue:forKey: and to-many relationships
What plugin would you really like to have for Visual Studio 2005/2008
Can I specify redirects and pipes in variables?
Disable and later enable all table indexes in Oracle
Magento: how to use Mage::getConfig()->setNode($path, $value) to change config variables during the session
How to avoid storing passwords in the clear for tomcat's server.xml Resource definition of a DataSource?
Cannot Access http://<tfs-server>:8080
Cross-model relationships in NSManagedObjectModel from merged models?
Webpart feature not adding Description
How does AOP work in Drupal?
"MFC ""Warning: skipping non-radio button in group."""
Oracle load spikes couple hours after startup.
"How to use ""macros"" in VisualStudio 2008 build events?"
Expanding a Region will expand children in Visual Studio
How do you determine Daylight Savings Time in VBA?
How big of a security risk is checking out an svn project right into production site?
How do I get a range's address including the worksheet name, but not the workbook name, in Excel VBA?
SVN installation
Using AppleScript to hide Keynote Text Fields in A Slide
Are their naming conventions for ASP.NET web application directory structures?
Why do my hot-deployed files disappear sometimes? (I think Apache has something to do with it)
Deployment of custom content type, forms, cqwp, and xsl.
What are you favourite Matlab/Octave programming tricks?
Which language should I pick up: VB.Net or C#
Keyword highlighting on selection in Visual Studio 2008
In Visual Studio how to give relative path of a .lib file in project properties
PDB files in VisualStudio bin\debug folders
How do I set a task to run every so often?
Develop SharePoint web parts in ASP.NET
Running subversion under apache
Firing a SharePoint Workflow by updating a list item through List Webservice
Sharepoint: How to set the permission to edit WSS user profile
Linq output as an Interface?
Infopath doesn't render background colors/pictures w/ Outlook Task/Sharepoint
How do you add html/styling to the author profile on wordpress?
"Visual Studio "">of"" command causes solution explorer to go wacky"
Linq To SQL caching VS multi-user application.
Sorting 2-D array in matlab w.r.t one column
Visual Studio Refactoring: Remove Structured IF/End If
Secure only Login.aspx for a site
How to call a long-running external program from Excel / VBA
Sharepoint: Deploy Custom Lists and New Columns in lists
"How can I repair ""upgraded"" subversion working directories?"
How do I interpret error codes from FrontPage Extensions?
Determining the port a Visual Studio Web App runs on
How do I serve a script with apache instead of running it?
Prevent visual studio creating browse info (.ncb) files
"Visual Studios Link.exe error: ""extra operand"""
What's required for a clean uninstall of Visual Studio 2005
Compressing HTTP request with LWP, Apache, and mod_deflate
Something Good & Something Bad about SharePoint
Disabling interstitial graphic when using cfdiv binding
Programatically logging to the Sharepoint ULS
Is there a way to add a Subversion section to the right click menu for TextMate ?
finding apache build options
Excel CSV - Number cell format
Fully unrap a view
How to make XMLHttpRequest  work over HTTPS on Firefox?
In Visual Studio, when would I want to use the Test View?
Easiest and quickest way of Web enabling old VBA apps
Debugging with Oracle's utl_smtp
Subversive connectors not working with newest Ganymede update
Can i run a script when i commit to subversion?
How do I upgrade from Drupal 5 to 6?
Multiple domains for one site: alias or redirect?
MSBuild directory structure limit workarounds
How do i make my colleagues not despising SVN?
How to access Subversion from Oracle PL/SQL ?
Subversion question: How can I use post-commit hooks to copy committed files to a web directory?
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges when selecting view
Team Foundation Server - Use API to Sync to SVN
Which Visual Studio Color Theme?
Remove Tax at Checkout for B2B customers in Magento
Visual Studio 2008 source control for small teams
How do you get a list of changes from a Subversion repository by date range?
LINQ Syntext Sequence
How do you make a generic memoize function in Haskell?
Viewing the Visual SourceSafe log inside Visual Studio
Which Haskell package contains given module.
Can I Install Visual Studio 2008 Express with VS 2005 ?
Integrating External Sources in a Build
App to Change Ldap Password for a JIRA/SVN server
Do you have to restart apache to make re-write rules in the .htaccess take effect?
What do 'Delimiter' and 'InheritsFromParent' tags mean in .vsprops files?
How do you acess a property of a bean for reading in a spring xml config file?
Automatically set list item permission, after new item is created
What is the difference between the Project and SVN workingDirectory config Blocks in CruiseControl.NET
oracle on port 8080
F# VS Haskell, Which is better for general purpose programming?
LINQ group by question
Using functional programming in the real world
How to synchronize two subversion repositories?
Have you moved MOSS SharePoint 2007 out of the C:\Inetpub\wwwroot\wss\ folder?
What is the fastest way to insert data into an Oracle table?
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges when creating package
How do I prevent Excel from rendering the spreadsheet as my macro calculates it?
User Privileges
is bash getopts function destructive to the command-line options?
HTTP communication monitoring on OS X
How to set OS X Terminal's default home?
Adding custom log locations to the OS X console application...
Debugging SharePoint 2007 Code
Multiple repositories, single setup
Easy way to embed svn revision number in page in PHP?
"What are the various ""Build action"" settings in VS.NET project properties and what do they do?"
gdbinit conflict with Xcode debugging
how to set a menubar icon on mac osx using wx
Visual Studio support for new C / C++ standards?
How do I sort a file in place using bash shell?
Crafting .webloc file
How do I rename a SharePoint virtual machine
Why does my Out of the Box SharePoint Navigation look like it is leaking memory
Why always return null when call the method IQueryable.FirstOrDefault()?
Top & httpd - demystifying what is actually running
NHibernate + JSON/Ajax Parent/Child Relationships? Why no workie?
Automatically adding specified text at beginning of files in VS 2008
How to diagnosis OSX app crash from error log?
How can I remotely (via web services) determine date format of SharePoint 2003 site, for use in Versions.asmx returned XML?
How to use SQLab Xpert Tuning to tune SQL for better performance?
Anyone have commit notification hook script that will send email upon commit of codes?
Create a tag upon every build of the application?
Is there anyway to tell Visual Studio not to open all the documents when I load solution?
Sharepoint Workflow Modification is not disabled
How do I refresh the relationships in a dataset?
How do I properly branch post-commit and revert the trunk in svn?
Visual Studio Keyboard Shortcut to automatically add the needed Using statement
How To Removing Trailing Whitespace Of All Files Recursively?
Can Multiple Indexes Work Together?
Capturing the Click event in an Excel spreadsheet
Customizing Visual Studio's Intellisense
annotation based Spring bean validation
Viewing repository information from within Eclipse, when code was checked out using svn tortoise
Best way to make NSRunLoop wait for a flag to be set?
Preferred path to applications on OSX?
Has anyone run into problems in TortoiseSVN where the 'author' isn't written to the log?
How to run Visual Studio post-build events for debug build only
Separation of Presentation and Business Tiers with Spring
How can I upgrade the *console* version of vim on OS X?
Wordpress search results on external page
How do I embed a File Version in an MSI file with Visual Studio?
Code Promotion: Build or Binary?
Structuring projects & dependencies of large winforms applications in C#
Access Excel Programmatically
svn + repostiory location
"How to capture the ""Print"" button from the menu bar in a macro"
How do you structure your SVN repository?
